it is a tripeptide composed of glycine, glycine and L-leucine residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a pyridoisoquinoline comprising emetam having a hydroxy group at the 6'-position and methoxy substituents at the 7'-, 10- and 11-positions. It derives from a hydride of an emetan. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, sherry lactone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, sherry lactone can be found in alcoholic beverages and root vegetables. This makes sherry lactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the family of benzoquinones, it is 2-hydroxy-5-methoxy-1,4-benzoquinone in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a (4Z,7Z)-pentadeca-1,4,7-trien-15-yl group. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, solid is a colorless to light-brown crystalline material. It is soluble in water and sinks in water. Combustible. It is transported as a molten liquid and therefore can cause thermal burns. It is toxic by ingestion, skin absorption and inhalation of dust. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a chlorocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid carrying a 2-chloro substituent. It has a role as an alkylating agent and a herbicide. It is a chlorocarboxylic acid and a haloacetic acid. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a chloroacetate. 
it, solid appears as orange-red rhombohedral crystals (from acetone). Density 4.69 g / cm3. Melting point 285.6°F (140.9°C). Red as a liquid. 
it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-it. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a topoisomerase IV inhibitor. It contains a tosufloxacin(1+), a (S)-it and a (R)-it. 
it is a hydroxypolyether that is pentaethylene glycol in which one of the terminal hydrogens is replaced by a dodecyl group. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. It is a hydroxypolyether, a pentaethylene glycol and a primary alcohol. 
it is a white, crystalline solid, with slight sulfurous odor. Used as an insecticide, nematicide and acaricide on many field crops, vegetables, fruits, and ornamentals. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a cyclopentenyl fatty acid consisting of undecanoic acid having a cyclopent-2-enyl group at the 11-position. It is a cyclopentenyl fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. 
O-it is an O-acyl-L-carnitine in which the acyl group is specified as myristoyl (tetradecanoyl). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an O-it and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
it is a BODIPY dye and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It derives from a 4,4-difluoro-4-bora-3a,4a-diaza-s-indacene. 
it is a diterpenoid that is a organic heterohexacyclic compound consisting of lactone and epoxide ring systems. It is isolated from Podocarpus macrophyllus. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a diterpenoid, a gamma-lactone, a delta-lactone, an epoxide, a sulfone, a tertiary alcohol and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 
it is a 3-oxo steroid, an oxa-steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and an anabolic androgenic steroid. It has a role as an androgen and an anabolic agent. it is a synthetic, anabolic steroid hormone analog of testosterone. Similar to testosterone, it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors. This agent may be used for testosterone replacement therapy in hypogonadal men, in HIV-wasting syndrome, and in other conditions in order to increase nitrogen retention and fat-free muscle mass. (NCI04) 
The coenzyme form of Vitamin B1 present in many animal tissues. It is a required intermediate in the PYRUVATE DEHYDROGENASE COMPLEX and the KETOGLUTARATE DEHYDROGENASE COMPLEX. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavanones. Flavanones are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, with a structure characterized by a 2-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a ketone at the carbon C3. Thus, farrerol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the primary hydroxy group of 2-ethylhexane-1,5-diol It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
2-aminobut-2-enoic acid is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a 2-butenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-aminobut-2-enoate. It is a tautomer of a 2-aminobut-2-enoic acid zwitterion, a 2-iminobutanoic acid and a 2-iminobutanoic acid zwitterion. 
it is a methoxybenzoic acid substituted with a methoxy group at position C-4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methoxybenzoate. 
it b is heme b in which the iron has oxidation state +3. It is a heme b and a it. It is a conjugate acid of a it b(1-). 
it is an organic bromide salt of butropium. It is a drug which suppresses spasm of smooth muscles of internal organs, inhibits gastric acid secretion and relieves abdominal pain. It is used in the treatment of spasmodic pains associated with gastritis, gastric ulcers and cholelithiasis. It has a role as an antispasmodic drug and a muscarinic antagonist. It is an organic bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a butropium. 
it is a member of the class of adenosines that is adenosine in which the hydroxy group at position 2' is replaced by a methoxy group. It has been isolated from the mycelia of Cordyceps sinensis. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a member of adenosines and an ether. It derives from an adenosine. 
Hexanitrostilbene appears as an explosive. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat. Primary hazard is the blast effect of an instantaneous explosion and not flying projectiles and fragments. Forms yellow crystals. 
it is a D-aldohexose that is D-glucose in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group at position 3 has been substituted by a methyl group. It is a non-metabolisable glucose analogue that is not phosphorylated by hexokinase and is used as a marker to assess glucose transport by evaluating its uptake within various cells and organ systems. It derives from an aldehydo-D-glucose. 
S-(2-Aminoethyl)-L-cysteine, also known as 4-it or thiosine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cysteine and derivatives. Cysteine and derivatives are compounds containing cysteine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of cysteine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. S-(2-Aminoethyl)-L-cysteine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-(2-aminoethyl)-L-cysteine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, S-(2-aminoethyl)-L-cysteine can be found in mushrooms. This makes S-(2-aminoethyl)-L-cysteine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxazolidinones. Oxazolidinones are compounds containing an oxazolidinone moiety, which is an oxazolidine bearing a ketone group. it is very soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 3-amino-2-oxazolidone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Levofloxacin is a Quinolone Antimicrobial. The chemical classification of levofloxacin is Quinolones. Levofloxacin is a broad-spectrum, third-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic and optically active L-isomer of ofloxacin with antibacterial activity. Levofloxacin diffuses through the bacterial cell wall and acts by inhibiting DNA gyrase (bacterial topoisomerase II), an enzyme required for DNA replication, RNA transcription, and repair of bacterial DNA. Inhibition of DNA gyrase activity leads to blockage of bacterial cell growth. 
it is a stilbenoid that is ethane in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group and one of the hydrogens of the remaining methyl group is replaced by a 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl group. It is a member of phenols and a stilbenoid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharide sulfates. These are monosaccharides that contain a sulfate group linked to the sugar moiety. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a 11alpha-hydroxy steroid that is pregn-4-ene-3,20-dione substituted by a hydroxy group at position 11. It is an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 20-oxo steroid. It derives from a progesterone. 
A chelating agent that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations such as CALCIUM. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid consisting of beta-D-glucose having a (2S,3R,4S)-3-ethenyl-4-{[(1R)-6,7-dihydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolinium-1-yl]methyl}-5-(methoxycarbonyl)-3,4-dihydro-2H-pyran-2-yl group attached at the anomeric centre. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a beta-D-glucoside and a methyl ester. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
A fungal metabolite isolated from cultures of Aspergillus terreus. The compound is a potent anticholesteremic agent. It inhibits 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (HYDROXYMETHYLGLUTARYL COA REDUCTASES), which is the rate-limiting enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis. It also stimulates the production of low-density lipoprotein receptors in the liver. 
it, also known as 3-hydroxy-2-methylvalerate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxy fatty acids. These are fatty acids in which the chain bears a hydroxyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methyl-3-hydroxyvaleric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a butan-4-olide that is dihydrofuran-2(3H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3 and two methyl groups at position 4 (the R-stereoisomer). It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a (R)-pantoic acid. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that consists of apigenin substituted by a 1,5-anhydro-D-glucitol moiety at position 6. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. It is a conjugate acid of an it-7-olate. 
it is a white amorphous powder. It reacts with water to form sodium hydroxide, a corrosive material, and methyl alcohol, a flammable liquid. The heat from this reaction may be sufficient to ignite surrounding combustible material or the sodium methylate itself if the water is present in only small amounts. It is used to process edible fats and oils, and to make other chemicals. 
it appears as light gray or lavender powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an arylammonium sulfate salt obtained by combining 2-chloro-1,4-phenylenediamine with one molar equivalent of sulfuric acid. It has a role as a dye. It contains a 2-chloro-1,4-phenylenediaminium. 
Dapagliflozin propanediol monohydrate is a hydrate that consists of dapagliflozin compounded with (S)-propylene glycol and hydrate in a (1:1:1) ratio. Used to improve glycemic control, along with diet and exercise, in adults with type 2 diabetes. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2 inhibitor. It contains a dapagliflozin and a (S)-propane-1,2-diol. 
it, also known as it or CD15 antigen, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Pitavastatin is a relatively newly developed cholesterol lowering agent (statin) that is associated with mild, asymptomatic and self-limited serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy, but has had limited use and has yet to be linked with clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a calcium salt formulation of pitavastatin, a novel statin that induces plaque regression and elevates HDL-cholesterol levels. 
it, [dry] appears as a highly explosive solid. Composed of equal parts pentaerythritol tetranitrate and trinitrotoluene (TNT). Very sensitive to heat and shock. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Used as a detonating fuse. 
3, 4-Diethylthiophene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 3, 4-Diethylthiophene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 4-diethylthiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as cyclohexyl lactone or octahydro-coumarin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a pyran ring. Pyran a six-membered heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring, made up of five carbon atoms and one oxygen atom and containing two double bonds. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, octahydro-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, coumarin, and herbal taste. 
it is an iodine oxoacid. It has a role as an astringent. It is a conjugate acid of an iodate. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid consisting of salicylic acid having a hydroxymethyl group at the 4-position. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of henicosanoic acid with methanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a henicosanoic acid. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a benzenetriol that is benzophenone in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted at by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 4, and 6. It is a benzenetriol and a hydroxybenzophenone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a hydroxybenzyl alcohol that is phenol substituted at position C-3 by a hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxybenzyl alcohol. 
it is a thiamine phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a thiamine(1+) monophosphate(1-). 
it is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of 2-sec-butylphenol with methylcarbamic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, a herbicide, an insecticide and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 2-sec-butylphenol. 
Dinitrotoluene appears as a yellow crystalline solid or an oily liquid consisting of the three isomers. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Toxic by skin absorption, ingestion or inhalation. it is a dinitrotoluene that is toluene in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 3 have been replaced by nitro groups. It has a role as an explosive. 
it is an organochlorine compound and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an anti-obesity agent and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is 2-aminobutanoic acid substituted at position 4 by a cyano group. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and an aliphatic nitrile. It derives from a butyric acid. 
it is a tropomyosin receptor tyrosine kinase (TRK) TRKA, TRKB, TRKC, proto-oncogene tyrosine-protein kinase ROS1, and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitor. It was approved by the FDA in August 2019 for use in the treatment of ROS1-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer and NTRK gene fusion positive solid tumors. it's approved use is meant as a last line of therapy due to its accelerated approval based on early trial data. This therapy offers benefit over similar ALK inhibitors such as [alectinib], [ceritinib], and [lorlatinib] due to a wider range of targets. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the tyrosine kinases tropomyosin receptor kinases (Trk) A, B and C, C-ros oncogene 1 (ROS1) and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits TrkA, TrkB, TrkC, ROS1 and ALK. Inhibition of these kinases may result in a disruption of TrkA-, TrkB-, TrkC-, ROS1-, and ALK-mediated signaling. This leads to an induction of apoptosis and an inhibition of tumor cell proliferation in tumor cells that express these kinases. TrkA, TrkB, TrkC, ROS1 and ALK are overexpressed in a variety of cancer cell types. 
it is an anthracycline, a member of tetracenequinones, a methyl ester and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 
it is an EpOME obtained by formal epoxidation of the 9,10-double bond of octadeca-9,12-dienoic acid (the 12Z-geoisomer). It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
N-butyl-p-hydroxybenzoate appears as odorless white crystals or crystalline powder. Tasteless, but numbs the tongue. Aqueous solutions slightly acidic to litmus. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat bovine respiratory disease in cattle and swine respiratory disease in pigs. It is marketed by Pfizer Inc. under the tradename it. 
it is a pentahydrochloride salt of omiganan, a synthetic cationic antimicrobial peptide with wide-spectrum activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria and fungi. it, an analog of indolicidin, acts by disrupting bacterial cytoplasmic membranes and has been tested in a topical gel for the prevention of catheter-related bloodstream infections. 
it is a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid that is 3-phenylpropionic acid in which one of the hydrogens beta to the carboxy group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from a 3-phenylpropionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-3-phenylpropionate. 
it is a cyclopentyl containing, second-generation sulfonylurea and structurally similar to glibenclamide with hypoglycemic activity. it, also known as glypentide, appears to improve total lipid and cholesterol levels. 
it is a member of the class of pyrimidines that is 2-hydrazino-4,6-dimethylpyrimidine in which the two amino hydrogens are replaced by a 1-(2-methylphenyl)ethylidene group. It is used for the control of fungal diseases in rice. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of toluenes, a hydrazone and a pyrimidine fungicide. 
A cholinesterase inhibitor with a slightly longer duration of action than NEOSTIGMINE. It is used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis and to reverse the actions of muscle relaxants. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a chloroform-like odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. May irritate skin and eyes. Used as a solvent. it is a member of the class of chloroethanes that is ethane in which five of the six hydrogens are replaced by chlorines. A non-flammable, high-boiling liquid (b.p. 161-162℃) with relative density 1.67 and an odour resembling that of chloroform, it is used as a solvent for oil and grease, in metal cleaning, and in the separation of coal from impurities. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. 
it is a dimethyl 2,2'-(9,9',10,10'-tetrahydroxy-7,7'-dimethoxy-1,1'-dioxo-3,3',4,4'-tetrahydro-[6,6'-binaphtho[2,3-c]pyran]-3,3'-diyl)diacetate in which the the 3 and 3' positions (bearing the 2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl (CH2CO2Me) groups) both have S configuration, while the 6 and 6' positions (where the binaphthopyran units are linked) have Ra configuration (the M atropisomer). It has been isolated from the fungi Aspergillus viridinutans and the fungus Paecilomyces variotii derived from the inner tissues of the giant jellyfish Nemopilema nomurai. It has a role as a mycotoxin, an Aspergillus metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It derives from a semiviriditoxin. 
it is a tartaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-tartrate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-tartaric acid. Tartaric Acid is a white crystalline dicarboxylic acid found in many plants, particularly tamarinds and grapes. Tartaric acid is used to generate carbon dioxide through interaction with sodium bicarbonate following oral administration. Carbon dioxide extends the stomach and provides a negative contrast medium during double contrast radiography. In high doses, this agent acts as a muscle toxin by inhibiting the production of malic acid, which could cause paralysis and maybe death. 
it is a cyanine dye and an organic potassium salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a NIR-2(2-). 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid having the carboxy group at position 7 as well as oxo and ethyl groups at positions 4 and 1 respectively and a dioxolo ring fused at the 5- and 6-positions. A synthetic antibiotic, it is used in veterinary medicine for the treatment of bacterial infections in cattle, pigs and poultry. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antibacterial drug, an enzyme inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and an antifungal agent. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an aromatic carboxylic acid, an oxacycle and a quinolone antibiotic. It is a conjugate acid of an oxolinate. 
(S)-it is an aporphine alkaloid that is (S)-1,2,9,10-tetrahydroxy-6-methyl-5,6,6a,7-tetrahydro-4H-dibenzo[de,g]quinoline in which the four phenolic hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a NF-kappaB inhibitor, an antitussive, an antibacterial agent, a muscle relaxant, an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is an aporphine alkaloid, a polyether, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-it(1+). 
it, also known as fema 3385 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thioesters. These are organic compounds containing an ester of thiocarboxylic acid, with the general structure RC(=S)XR' (R=H, alkyl, aryl; R'=alkyl, aryl; X=O, S). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a garlic, green, and onion taste. 
2, 2, 4-Trimethyldecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 2, 4-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 2, 4-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 2, 4-trimethyldecane can be found in alcoholic beverages and fats and oils. This makes 2, 2, 4-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene comprising of five benzene rings that is anthracene in which the d,e and k,l sides are fused to benzene rings. It is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene and a member of its. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is the 3,4-dihydro derivative of isocoumarin. It derives from an isocoumarin. 
N'-it is a carbohydrazide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of isonicotinic acid with hydrazine and subsequent acetylation of the monosubstituted nitrogen atom. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isoniazide. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of O-acetyl-L-serine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of an O-acetyl-L-serine. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the side-chain carboxy group of L-glutamic acid with the amino group of L-phenylalanine. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a gamma-Glu-Phe(1-). 
it, also known as a-amyrin acetic acid or -amyrenyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Alpha-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alpha-it can be found in mugwort. This makes Alpha-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as odorless green-black cubic crystals (yellow when hot) or green powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a green to black colored, inorganic compound that turns yellow and produces toxic gases upon heating. it is used in the electronics, ceramics, steel and alloy industries. Exposure to this substance can cause severe dermatitis, skin and asthma-like allergies and damages the lungs, kidneys, gastrointestinal tract and neurological system. it is a known carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung and nasal cancers. (NCI05) 
1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone, also known as 4-methoxybenzyl methyl ketone or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone is a sweet, anisic, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in anise, fennel, and herbs and spices. This makes 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of isoquinolinonaphthyridines that is 5,6-dihydroisoquinolino[2,1-b][2,7]naphthyridin-8-one bearing additional hydroxy, methoxy and 1-hydroxyethyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 12. It is an isoquinolinonaphthyridine, a benzopyridoquinolizidine derivative, an alkaloid, an aromatic ether, a secondary alcohol and a member of phenols. 
A chelating agent that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations such as CALCIUM. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. 
it is a member of the class of dithiocarbamic acids that is diethylcarbamic acid in which both of the oxygens are replaced by sulfur. It has a role as a chelator. It is a conjugate acid of a diethyldithiocarbamate. it is a sulfhydryl-containing carbamate that is the primary in vivo metabolite of disulfiram. Diethyldithiocarbamate chelates zinc, thereby inhibiting metalloproteinases, thereby preventing the degradation of the extracellular matrix and inhibiting an initial step in cancer metastasis and angiogenesis. A known inhibitor of superoxide dismutase, this agent can either potentiate or protect against cell oxidative damage caused by ionizing radiation, depending on the time of administration. (NCI04) 
Contracted name for a salt of ethylenediaminetetraacetate, an agent used as a chelator of lead and some other heavy metals. C10H12CaN2Na2O8. 
Menthyl isovalerate, also known as fema 2669 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Menthyl isovalerate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, menthyl isovalerate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Menthyl isovalerate is a sweet, bitter, and cooling tasting compound that can be found in peppermint. This makes menthyl isovalerate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone compound in which the hydroxy groups are at C-1 and C-2 and which has a bis[(carboxymethyl)amino]methyl substituent at the 3-position. It has a role as a colorimetric reagent. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. 
it is a member of the class of depsidones that is 3,4-dihydro-2H,7H-chromeno[7,6-b][1,4]benzodioxepine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 10, methyl groups at positions 2, 2, 5 and 8, a formyl group at position 11 and oxo groups at positions 4 and 7. Isolated from Chaetomium brasiliense it exhibits antimalarial and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as an antimalarial, a Chaetomium metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an aldehyde, a member of depsidones, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. 
1, 4-Dithiane-2, 5-diol, also known as 2, 5-dimethyl-1, 4-dithiane or fema 3826, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dithianes. Dithianes are compounds containing a dithiane moiety, which is composed of a cyclohexane core structure wherein two methylene units are replaced by sulfur centres. 1, 4-Dithiane-2, 5-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1, 4-dithiane-2, 5-diol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1, 4-Dithiane-2, 5-diol has a bread, broth, and egg taste. 
it appears as orange prisms or orange powder. Sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid with a nitro substituent at position 4. It has a role as a mutagen. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a nitrobenzoic acid. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
it, also known as 2-acetyl-4-picoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2-bromo-N-carbamoyl-3-methylbutanamide is an N-acylurea that is urea in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a 2-bromo-3-methybutanoyl group. It is a N-acylurea and an organobromine compound. 
Methyl phenyl(piperidin-2-yl)acetate is a amino acid ester that is methyl phenylacetate in which one of the hydrogens alpha to the carbonyl group is replaced by a piperidin-2-yl group. It is a member of piperidines, a methyl ester and a beta-amino acid ester. it is a synthetic central nervous system stimulant. it appears to activate the brain stem arousal system and cortex to produce its stimulant effect and, in some clinical settings, may improve cognitive function. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is isoflavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' and a prenyl group at position 3'. It has been isolated from Ficus mucuso. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an isoflavone. 
Diethyl acetic acid, also known as 2-ethyl-butyric acid or diethyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched fatty acids. These are fatty acids containing a branched chain. Diethyl acetic acid exists as a liquid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Diethyl acetic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, diethyl acetic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. Diethyl acetic acid has an acidic, berry, and caramel taste. 
it is the L-enantiomer of ascorbate and conjugate base of L-ascorbic acid, arising from selective deprotonation of the 3-hydroxy group. Required for a range of essential metabolic reactions in all animals and plants. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, a cofactor and a water-soluble vitamin. It is a conjugate base of a L-ascorbic acid. 
it is a delta-lactone that is 2-oxabicyclo[3.2.1]octan-3-one substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 8 and 8 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a potent synthetic agonist of gonadotropin-releasing hormone with 3-(2-naphthyl)-D-alanine substitution at residue 6. it has been used in the treatments of central precocious puberty and endometriosis. it Acetate is the acetate salt form of it, a modified synthetic porcine luteinizing hormone (LH)-releasing hormone peptide analog, with gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonist activity. Upon nasal inhalation, it acetate binds to the GnRH receptor. This initially results in the release of the gonadotropins, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and LH, from the pituitary gland; however, prolonged stimulation of the GnRH receptor desensitizes the receptor, which leads to decreased secretion of FSH and LH. In females, the inhibition of gonadotropin secretion causes hypogonadotropic hypogonadism leading to decreased production of estrogen and progesterone and anovulation. In males, the inhibition of LH secretion prevents the production and release of testosterone from Leydig cells in the testes and causes a significant decline in testosterone production that is near the levels seen following castration. 
N(2),3-ethenoguanine is a nucleobase analogue obtained by addition of an etheno group across positions N2 and 3 of guanine. It is an imidazopurine and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a guanine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Endometriosis, Prostate Cancer, Uterine Fibroids, and Androgen Deprivation Treatment-naïve Nonmetastatic Prostate Cancer. it is an orally available, non-peptide gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH)) antagonist, with potential antineoplastic activity. it competitively binds to and blocks the GnRH receptor in the anterior pituitary gland, which both prevents GnRH binding to the GnRH receptor and inhibits the secretion and release of both luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). In males, the inhibition of LH secretion prevents the release of testosterone from Leydig cells in the testes. Since testosterone is required to sustain prostate growth, reducing testosterone levels may inhibit hormone-dependent prostate cancer cell proliferation. 
D & c yellow 11 appears as bright greenish yellow solid or canary yellow powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a quinoline derivative with a 1,3-dioxoindan-2-yl substituent at C-2. It has a role as a dye. It is a member of quinolines, a beta-diketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a methyladenine that is 9H-purin-6-amine substituted by a methyl group at the amino nitrogen. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 6-alkylaminopurine and a methyladenine. 
Tubocurarine Chloride is the chloride salt form of tubocurarine, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. Tubocurarine chloride competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it is an amino cyclitol glycoside that is isolated from Streptomyces kasugaensis and exhibits antibiotic and fungicidal properties. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an amino cyclitol glycoside, an aminoglycoside antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative, a carboxamidine and an antibiotic fungicide. 
it, also known as N-piperazinedithioacarboxylic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperazines. Piperazines are compounds containing a piperazine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member heterocyclic with two nitrogen atoms at positions 1 and 4, as well as four carbon atoms. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-piperazinecarbodithioic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as hishigado or amgard CPC, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as psoralens. These are organic compounds containing a psoralen moiety, which consists of a furan fused to a chromenone to for 7H-furo[3, 2-g]chromen-7-one it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (R)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (R)-it can be found in carrot, lemon, parsley, and wild carrot. This makes (R)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dicarboximide that is (3aR,4S,7R,7aS)-hexahydro-1H-4,7-methanoisoindole-1,3(2H)-dione which is substituted by a 4-[4-(pyrimidin-2-yl)piperazin-1-yl]butyl group at position 2. It is a potent and selective 5-HT1A receptor partial agonist (Ki = 27 nM). It has a role as an antidepressant and an anxiolytic drug. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a member of pyrimidines, a bridged compound and a dicarboximide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of dobutamine, a synthetic catecholamine with direct inotropic activity. it, mimics the effects of dopamine and stimulates beta-1 adrenergic receptors located in the myocardium. This leads to an increase in heart rate and force and results in an increase in cardiac output. 
it is a macrocycle-structured gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. It is composed of the organic acid DOTA (1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7,10-tetraacetic acid) used for its chelating properties, and gadolinium (Gd3+). As a paramagnetic molecule, gadoterate develops a magnetic moment when placed in a magnetic field. This magnetic moment enhances the relaxation rates of water protons in its vicinity, leading to an increase in signal intensity (brightness) of tissues. More specifically, it reduces the T1 relaxation time (and to some extent the T2 and T2* relaxation times) in NMR, which is the source of its clinical utility. Increased signal brightness allows it to be used in imaging of blood vessels and of inflamed or diseased tissue where the blood vessels become 'leaky'.   it, as the FDA approved product Dotarem, is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity. 
Uridine diphosphategalactose, also known as UDP-D-galactopyranose or UDP galactose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine nucleotide sugars. These are pyrimidine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. Uridine diphosphategalactose is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Uridine diphosphategalactose has been found in human liver tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, uridine diphosphategalactose is primarily located in the cytoplasm and golgi. Uridine diphosphategalactose participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Uridine diphosphategalactose and glucose 1-phosphate can be converted into uridine diphosphate glucose and galactose 1-phosphate through the action of the enzyme galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase. Furthermore, D-Glucose and uridine diphosphategalactose can be converted into uridine 5'-diphosphate and Alpha-lactose; which is catalyzed by the enzyme lactose synthase. Furthermore, Uridine diphosphategalactose and D-glucose can be converted into uridine 5'-diphosphate and Alpha-lactose through the action of the enzyme Beta-1, 4-galactosyltransferase 1. Finally, Uridine diphosphategalactose and glucose 1-phosphate can be converted into galactose 1-phosphate and uridine diphosphate glucose; which is catalyzed by the enzyme galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase. In humans, uridine diphosphategalactose is involved in the galactose metabolism pathway, lactose synthesis pathway, and the nucleotide sugars metabolism pathway. Uridine diphosphategalactose is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include glut-1 deficiency syndrome, the galactosemia pathway, the congenital disorder OF glycosylation CDG-iid pathway, and the galactosemia II (galk) pathway. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01511029 (Study to Evaluate the QTC Interval in Healthy Volunteers Dosed With it (QTC = Electrocardiogram (ECG) Interval Measured From the Onset of the QRS Complex to the End of the T Wave Corrected for Heart Rate)). 
it is the tosylate salt of bretylium. It blocks noradrenaline release from the peripheral sympathetic nervous system, and is used in emergency medicine, cardiology, and other specialties for the acute management of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, an anti-arrhythmia drug and an antihypertensive agent. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a bretylium. it is the tosylate salt form of bretylium, a quaternary ammonium salt and non-selective adrenergic neuronal blocking agent with anti-arrhythmic properties. it is selectively taken up into peripheral nerve terminals and initially causes a release of norepinephrine from sympathetic nerve endings, thereby causing a sympathomimetic effect. This is followed by a prolonged anti-adrenergic action which prevents further discharge of neurotransmitter from sympathetic nerve endings. Its myocardial effects include a prolongation of action potential as well as refractory period. This drug is used to treat and suppress ventricular arrhythmias, particularly ventricular fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia. 
it is an amino nonasaccharide that is the linear hexasaccharide alpha-D-Man-(1->2)-alpha-D-Man-(1->2)-alpha-D-Man-(1->3)-beta-D-Man-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcNAc-(1->4)-D-GlcNAc in which the mannosyl residue nearest the reducing end has the branched trisaccharide alpha-D-Man-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Man-(1->6)]-alpha-D-Man attached at position 6. It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide, an amino nonasaccharide and a (Hex)6,7(HexNAc)2. 
Dabigatran etexilate methanesulfonate is a methanesulfonate salt obtained by reaction of dabigatran etexilate with one equivalent of dabigatran etexilate. A prodrug for dabigatran, a thrombin inhibitor and anticoagulant which is used for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism. It has a role as an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor, an anticoagulant and a prodrug. It contains a dabigatran etexilate(1+). Dabigatran Etexilate Mesylate is an orally available mesylate salt form of the etexilate prodrug of dabigatran, a benzimidazole and direct thrombin inhibitor with anticoagulant activity. Upon administration, dabigatran etexilate is hydrolyzed by esterases and is converted into dabigatran. Dabigatran reversibly binds to and inhibits the activity of thrombin, a serine protease that converts fibrinogen into fibrin. This disrupts the coagulation cascade and inhibits the formation of blood clots. 
it is an addition compound obtained by combining equimolar amounts of (2Z,3Z)-bis{amino[(2-aminophenyl)sulfanyl]methylidene}butanedinitrile (it) and ethanol. An inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase that also exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, an osteogenesis regulator and a vasoconstrictor agent. It contains an it. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide and an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a butanal. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, an antidote to paracetamol poisoning, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aspartate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-methioninium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-methioninate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (provided by food), it is required for growth and tissue repair. A sulphur-containing amino acid, it improves the tone and pliability of skin, hair, and strengthens nails. Involved in many detoxifying processes, sulphur provided by it protects cells from pollutants, slows cell aging, and is essential for absorption and bio-availability of selenium and zinc. it chelates heavy metals, such as lead and mercury, aiding their excretion. It also acts as a lipotropic agent and prevents excess fat buildup in the liver. (NCI04) 
it, anhydrous appears as a mobile colorless strongly fuming liquid. Density 1.583 g / cm3. Corrosive to glass, fabric, metals and tissue. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as short-chain keto acids and derivatives. These are keto acids with an alkyl chain the contains less than 6 carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in fruits and milk and milk products. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt of formula Na3VO4 containing the tetrahedral VO4(3-) It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor. It contains a vanadate(3-). 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N-ethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a chloro group at position 6. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from a 6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine. 
Ethyl silicate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a faint odor. Flash point 125°F. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is a solanapyrone, a pyrancarbaldehyde and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma, Hodgkin's Disease, and Non-hodgkin's Lymphoma. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of CXC chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) with receptor binding and hematopoietic stem cell-mobilization activities. it binds to the chemokine receptor CXCR4, thereby preventing the binding of stromal derived factor-1 (SDF-1 or CXCL12) to the CXCR4 receptor and subsequent receptor activation; this may induce the mobilization of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells from the bone marrow into blood. CXCR4, a chemokine receptor belonging to the G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) gene family, plays an important role in chemotaxis and angiogenesis and is upregulated in several tumor cell types; CXCL12/CXCR4 interaction induces retention of hematopoietic cells in the bone marrow. 
it is a fine, white, odorless powder. Note that granules from different vegetable sources vary in shape, size, and general appearance. A mixture of the carbohydrate polymers amylose amylopectin varying according to the vegetable source. Principally used for food. 
Dolasetron is a member of quinolizines, a member of indoles and a heteroarenecarboxylate ester. Dolasetron is an indole derivative and a potent serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist with anti-emetic property. Dolasetron blocks the activity of serotonin released from the enterochromaffin cells of the small intestine by selectively inhibiting and inactivating 5-HT3 receptors located on the nerve terminals of the vagus nerve in the periphery and centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. This results in suppression of signalling to trigger chemo- and radiotherapy induced nausea and vomiting. 
Ceftriaxone is a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic which has been associated with development of biliary sludge and biliary colic when given parenterally and in high doses. Ceftriaxone is also associated with rare instances of immunoallergic, usually cholestatic hepatitis similar to the injury associated with other cephalosporins. Ceftriaxone is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). it is the sodium salt form of ceftriaxone, a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
it is an organic cation that is 1-pyrroline bearing an N-methyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 1-pyrrolinium. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls are mixtures of up to 209 individual chlorinated compounds (known as congeners). There are no known natural sources of PCBs. PCBs are either oily liquids or solids that are colorless to light yellow. Some PCBs can exist as a vapor in air. PCBs have no known smell or taste. Many commercial PCB mixtures are known in the U. S. by the trade name Aroclor. PCBs have been used as coolants and lubricants in transformers, capacitors, and other electrical equipment because they don't burn easily and are good insulators. The manufacture of PCBs was stopped in the U. S. in 1977 because of evidence they build up in the environment and can cause harmful health effects. Products made before 1977 that may contain PCBs include old fluorescent lighting fixtures and electrical devices containing PCB capacitors, and old microscope and hydraulic oils. 
it is an orally available inhibitor of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutant form T790M, with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically binds to and inhibits EGFR T790M, a secondary acquired resistance mutation, which prevents EGFR-mediated signaling and leads to cell death in EGFR/T790M-expressing tumor cells. Compared to some other EGFR inhibitors, it may have therapeutic benefits in tumors with T790M-mediated drug resistance. This agent shows minimal activity against wild-type EGFR (WT EGFR), and does not cause dose-limiting toxicities that occur during the use of non-selective EGFR inhibitors, which can inhibit WT EGFR. EGFR, a receptor tyrosine kinase mutated in many tumor cell types, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization. 
it solution appears as a colorless liquid. More dense than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is lupane having a double bond at position 20(29) as well as 3beta-hydroxy and 28-carboxy substituents. It is found in the bark and other plant parts of several species of plants including Syzygium claviflorum. It exhibits anti-HIV, antimalarial, antineoplastic and anti-inflammatory properties. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an anti-HIV agent, an antimalarial, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of a lupane. it is a pentacyclic lupane-type triterpene derivative of betulin (isolated from the bark of Betula alba, the common white birch) with antiinflammatory, anti-HIV and antineoplastic activities. it induces apoptosis through induction of changes in mitochondrial membrane potential, production of reactive oxygen species, and opening of mitochondrial permeability transition pores, resulting in the release of mitochondrial apogenic factors, activation of caspases, and DNA fragmentation. Although originally thought to exhibit specific cytotoxicity against melanoma cells, this agent has been found to be cytotoxic against non-melanoma tumor cell types including neuroectodermal and brain tumor cells. 
it is an N,N'-diacetylchitobiose having beta-configuration at the reducing end anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from a beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosamine. 
it appears as a dull dark green powder. Used as a dye for silk or wool and biological stains. 
it is a alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is azelaic acid substituted by amino groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid, a gamma-amino acid, a diamino acid and an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pigeon pea and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 2-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid can be found in evening primrose. This makes 2-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a diastereoisomeric mixture comprising racemic cis- and racemic trans-goglioside A in a 10:1 ratio. It is a potent and rapidly reversible GBF1 (Golgi-specific brefeldin A-resistance guanine nucleotide exchange factor 1) inhibitor. The (3aS,4R,9bR) isomer is the most active (see Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett., 2012, 22, 5177-5181). It has a role as a cis-Golgi ArfGEF GBF inhibitor. It contains a cis-it and a trans-it. 
it is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a phenylacetamido group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an epitope and a drug allergen. It is a penicillin allergen and a penicillin. It is a conjugate acid of a benzylpenicillin(1-). it is a broad-spectrum, beta-lactam naturally occurring penicillin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates the penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually causing cell lysis. 
A protein extract of human menopausal urine in which LUTEINIZING HORMONE has been partially or completely removed. Urofollitropin represents FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE from the urine. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-formyl-L-leucine with the hydroxy group of (3S,4S)-3-hexyl-4-[(2S)-2-hydroxytridecyl]oxetan-2-one. A pancreatic lipase inhibitor, it is used as an anti-obesity drug. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor, a bacterial metabolite, an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor and an anti-obesity agent. It is a beta-lactone, a L-leucine derivative, a member of formamides and a carboxylic ester. it is a reversible active-site inhibitor of gastrointestinal lipases. it forms a covalent bond with the active serine site in gastric and pancreatic lipases, thereby inhibiting their activity and preventing dietary fat from being hydrolyzed and absorbed. (NCI04) 
it is a N-alkylpiperazine. It has a role as an antiemetic, a histamine antagonist, a calcium channel blocker, a muscarinic antagonist, an anti-allergic agent and a H1-receptor antagonist. 
Enterolactone, also known as it or 2, 3-BHBB, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzylbutyrolactone lignans. These are lignan compounds containing a 3, 4-dibenzyloxolan-2-one moiety. Enterolactone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Enterolactone has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, urine, and blood. Within the cell, enterolactone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Enterolactone is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolecarboxamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-[(Z)-(5-chloro-2-oxo-1,2-dihydroindol-3-ylidene)methyl]-2,4-dimethylpyrrole-3-carboxylic acid with the primary amino group of N(1),N(1)-diethylethane-1,2-diamine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.4.12 (sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase) inhibitor. It is a pyrrolecarboxamide, a member of oxindoles, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and an olefinic compound. It derives from a 3-methyleneoxindole. 
it is a colorless liquid with a mild, characteristic odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is an aromatic primary alcohol that is benzyl alcohol substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 5. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. It is an aromatic primary alcohol and a member of phenols. It derives from a benzyl alcohol and a hydroquinone. 
it is the chloride salt form of esoxybutynin, the dextrorotary form of oxybutynin S isomer [S(+)-isomer], with antispasmodic activity. Esoxybutynin chloride exerts its antimuscarinic effect on bladder smooth muscle by blocking muscarinic receptors in smooth muscle, thereby inhibiting acetylcholine binding. This results in a relaxation of bladder smooth muscle, a reduction of involuntary muscle contractions and delays the initial desire to void. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in citrus and mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine). This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an idarate(2-) that is the conjugate base of it(1-). It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-idarate(2-). 
it is a 4,5-dihydropyrazole having p-sulfophenyl-, carboxy-, amino- and oxo substituents at the 1-, 3-, 4- and 5-positions respectively. It is a member of pyrazoles, a monocarboxylic acid, a sulfonic acid and an amino acid. It derives from an antipyrine. 
Methylamine hydrochloride is the hydrochloride formed from methylamine. It is a hydrochloride, an organoammonium salt and a one-carbon compound. It contains a methylammonium. 
One of the endogenous pentapeptides with morphine-like activity. It differs from LEU-ENKEPHALIN by the amino acid METHIONINE in position 5. Its first four amino acid sequence is identical to the tetrapeptide sequence at the N-terminal of BETA-ENDORPHIN. 
it appears as white crystals or powder with a slight odor of ammonia. pH (1% aqueous solution) about 11. pH (40%) 11-13. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Lyngbya confervoides and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt composed of sodium and thiosulfate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as an antidote to cyanide poisoning, a nephroprotective agent and an antifungal drug. It contains a thiosulfate(2-). 
it is a steroid antibiotic that is isolated from the fermentation broth of Fusidium coccineum. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a sterol ester, a steroid acid, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a steroid antibiotic. It is a conjugate acid of a fusidate. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. it is a bacteriostatic antibiotic derived from the fungus Fusidium coccineum and used as a topical medication to treat skin infections. it acts as a bacterial protein synthesis inhibitor by preventing the turnover of elongation factor G (EF-G) from the ribosome. it is effective primarily on gram-positive bacteria. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-malonylanthranilate. 
it is the disodium salt form of tiludronate, a first-generation, non-nitrogenous bisphosphonate analogue of endogenous pyrophosphate. Tiludronate adsorbs to hydroxyapatite cells, and although the exact mechanism through which this bisphosphonate exerts its effect has yet to be fully elucidated, tiludronate appears to inhibit protein-tyrosine-phosphatase (PTP) in osteoclasts, thereby disrupting the cytoskeletal ring structure and suppressing the bone resorbing activity of osteoclasts. In addition, tiludronate appears to inhibit the vacuolar-type proton ATPase (V-ATPase) in osteoclasts. Altogether, this may reduce the number of osteoclasts, inhibit abnormal bone resorption and reduce bone turnover. 
it is the 2,5-diphenylpiperazine salt of benzylpenicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates the penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
Atropine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of atropine, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. Atropine functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, tsibulin 1 is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, tsibulin 1 can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes tsibulin 1 a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the simplest member of the class of delta-lactone that is tetrahydro-2H-pyran substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It derives from a hydride of an oxane. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy groups at positions 3 and 4' and hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 2' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a hepatoprotective agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of chalcones, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of phenols. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
A pyrazine compound inhibiting SODIUM reabsorption through SODIUM CHANNELS in renal EPITHELIAL CELLS. This inhibition creates a negative potential in the luminal membranes of principal cells, located in the distal convoluted tubule and collecting duct. Negative potential reduces secretion of potassium and hydrogen ions. Amiloride is used in conjunction with DIURETICS to spare POTASSIUM loss. (From Gilman et al., Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 9th ed, p705) 
it is a bile acid that is 5beta-cholan-24-oic acid bearing three alpha-hydroxy substituents at position 3, 7 and 12. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid, a C24-steroid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid and a trihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a cholate. 
N-it is a member of the class of 6-aminopurines that is adenine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by a benzyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a cytokinin. It derives from an adenine. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-glutamine with the amino group of L-phenylalanine. It derives from a L-glutamine and a L-phenylalanine. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of nilotinib, an orally bioavailable aminopyrimidine-derivative Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. Designed to overcome imatinib resistance, nilotinib binds to and stabilizes the inactive conformation of the kinase domain of the Abl protein of the Bcr-Abl fusion protein, resulting in the inhibition of the Bcr-Abl-mediated proliferation of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) cells. This agent also inhibits the receptor tyrosine kinases platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGF-R) and c-kit, a receptor tyrosine kinase mutated and constitutively activated in most gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs). With a binding mode that is energetically more favorable than that of imatinib, nilotinib has been shown to have an approximately 20-fold increased potency in kinase and proliferation assays compared to imatinib. 
it is a member of the class of pyrroles that is 4-bromo-1H-pyrrole-3-carbonitrile which is substituted at positions 1, 2 and 5 by ethoxymethyl, p-chlorophenyl and trifluoromethyl groups, respectively. A proinsecticide used for termite control and crop protection against several insects and mite pests. It has a role as a proinsecticide and a proacaricide. It is an organofluorine acaricide, an organochlorine acaricide, an organochlorine insecticide, an organofluorine insecticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a nitrile, a member of pyrroles and a hemiaminal ether. It derives from a tralopyril. 
it, also known as L-V dipeptide or leu-val, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is an unbranched nineteen-carbon alkene with one double bond between C-1 and C-2. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 
it is an optically active form of ofloxacin having (S)-configuration; an inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase IV and DNA gyrase It has a role as a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an antibacterial drug and a topoisomerase IV inhibitor. It is an ofloxacin, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it is a broad-spectrum, third-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic and optically active L-isomer of ofloxacin with antibacterial activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell wall and acts by inhibiting DNA gyrase (bacterial topoisomerase II), an enzyme required for DNA replication, RNA transcription, and repair of bacterial DNA. Inhibition of DNA gyrase activity leads to blockage of bacterial cell growth. 
Arsphenamine is an organoarsenic compound, a hydrochloride and a member of diarsenes. It has a role as an antisyphilitic drug. It contains a 3,3'-diarsene-1,2-diylbis(6-hydroxyanilinium). 
it is the 2-dehydro-3-deoxy derivative of D-galactonic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a ketoaldonic acid and a hexonic acid. It derives from a galactonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-galactonate. It is an enantiomer of a 2-keto-3-deoxy-L-galactonic acid. 
it appears as fluffy colorless powder or fine white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is the stearate salt form of erythromycin, a broad-spectrum, topical macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. it may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
it is a guanidine that consists of agmatine having a 3-aminopropyl group attached to the N-1 position. It derives from an agmatine. It is a conjugate base of a N(1)-aminopropylagmatine(3+). 
it is an ionic tri-iodinated benzoate used as a contrast agent in diagnostic imaging. Like other organic iodine compounds, iothalamic acid blocks x-ray and appears opaque on x-ray film, thereby enhancing the visibility of structure and organs during angiography, arteriography, arthrography, cholangiography, and computed tomography (CT) scanning procedures. 
it is a member of the class of furoic acids that is 2-furoic acid substituted at position 5 by a formyl group. It is a furoic acid, an arenecarbaldehyde and an aldehydic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-formyl-2-furoate. 
it, also known as 2, 3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthridines and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthridine moiety, which is a tricyclic system with two benzene rings joined by a pyridine forming a non-linear skeleton. Hydrogenated derivatives are also included. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in opium poppy. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid in which the amino acid specified is L-serine. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an acetyl-L-serine and a N-acetyl-L-amino acid. 
it is a bisphenol that is methane in which two of the hydrogens have been replaced by 4-hydroxyphenyl groups. It has a role as an environmental food contaminant and a xenoestrogen. It is a diarylmethane and a bisphenol. 
it is a primary alcohol that is ethanol substituted by a phenyl group at position 2. It has a role as a fragrance, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a plant metabolite, an Aspergillus metabolite and a plant growth retardant. It is a primary alcohol and a member of benzenes. 
it is a 3-[1-(2,6-dichloro-3-fluorophenyl)ethoxy]-5-[1-(piperidin-4-yl)pyrazol-4-yl]pyridin-2-amine that has R configuration at the chiral centre. The active enantiomer, it acts as a kinase inhibitor and is used for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a biomarker and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. it is an orally available aminopyridine-based inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) and the c-Met/hepatocyte growth factor receptor (HGFR) with antineoplastic activity. it, in an ATP-competitive manner, binds to and inhibits ALK kinase and ALK fusion proteins. In addition, it inhibits c-Met kinase, and disrupts the c-Met signaling pathway. Altogether, this agent inhibits tumor cell growth. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development. ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a series of tumors. 
Pentacyclic triterpene saponins, biosynthesized from protoaescigenin and barringtogenol, occurring in the seeds of AESCULUS. It inhibits edema formation and decreases vascular fragility. 
it is a 5'-phospho-(3'->5')-dinucleotide composed from two AMP residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
A potent and specific inhibitor of PEPTIDYL-DIPEPTIDASE A. It blocks the conversion of ANGIOTENSIN I to ANGIOTENSIN II, a vasoconstrictor and important regulator of arterial blood pressure. Captopril acts to suppress the RENIN-ANGIOTENSIN SYSTEM and inhibits pressure responses to exogenous angiotensin. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of lincomycin, a lincosamide antibiotic originally identified in actinomycete Streptomyces lincolnensis with activity against gram-positive cocci and anaerobic bacteria. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid aldehyde, an intermedediate and reduction product from artemisinic aldehyde in the biosynthesis of artemisinin from artemisinic alcohol in Artemisia annua. It is a sesquiterpenoid, an aldehyde and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It derives from an artemisinic aldehyde. 
it is a quinodimethane that is p-quinodimethane in which the methylidene hydrogens are replaced by cyano groups. It is an alicyclic compound, a nitrile and a quinodimethane. It derives from a p-quinodimethane. 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
A long-acting calcium-blocking agent with significant anti-anginal activity. The drug produces significant coronary vasodilation and modest peripheral effects. It has antihypertensive and selective anti-arrhythmia activities and acts as a calmodulin antagonist. 
it is a perfluoroalkanesulfonic acid that is hexane-1-sulfonic acid in which all thirteen of the hydrogens that are attached to carbons have been replaced by fluorines. 
Sodium sulfide (anhydrous) is a sulfide salt with formula Na2S. The pentahydrate and (particularly) the nonahydrate are also known. In gel form, sodium sulfide is used to soften toenails to assist in trimming (and so relive pain) of ingrowing toenails. It is a sulfide salt and an inorganic sodium salt. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is quinaldic acid which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and by a chlorine at position 7. It is a potent NMDA glutamate receptor antagonist which antagonizes the strychnine-insensitive glycine site of the NMDA receptor. It also prevents neurodegeneration produced by quinolinic acid. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and a NMDA receptor antagonist. It is an organochlorine compound and a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid. 
it is a sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Like sulfonylureas, it is able to lower blood glucose levels by increasing the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells. 
it is a dipeptide formed from glycine and L-methionine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a glutamyl-L-amino acid obtained by formal condensation of the gamma-carboxy group of glutamic acid with the amino group of leucine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a glutamic acid and a leucine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Chitin is an aminoglycan consisting of beta-(1->4)-linked N-acetyl-D-glucosamine residues. It has a role as a vulnerary, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aminoglycan and a N-acylglucosamine. 
Hydroxyfenbendazole is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is fenbendazole in which the hydrogen at position 4 on the phenyl ring has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a drug metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a carbamate ester, an aryl sulfide and a member of phenols. It derives from a fenbendazole. 
A potent noncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor (RECEPTORS, N-METHYL-D-ASPARTATE) used mainly as a research tool. The drug has been considered for the wide variety of neurodegenerative conditions or disorders in which NMDA receptors may play an important role. Its use has been primarily limited to animal and tissue experiments because of its psychotropic effects. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of behenic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 22:0, a 2-saturated fatty acid anion and an omega-methyl fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a docosanoic acid. 
Thyroxine is an iodothyronine compound having iodo substituents at the 3-, 3'-, 5- and 5'-positions. It has a role as a mitogen. It is an iodothyronine, a 2-halophenol, an iodophenol, a tyrosine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a thyroxine zwitterion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 15-deacetylcalonectrin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a hydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a formyl group. It is an aldehyde, a member of phenols and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of hexanol with butyric acid. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid and a hexan-1-ol. 
Insoluble in water and denser than water. Moderately toxic by ingestion. Readily ignited by sparks or flames. Burns intensely and persistently. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. Used as a catalyst, in vinyl polymerizations and a blowing agent for plastics. 
it, also known as it or fema 3855, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a cat, fruity, and herbal tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of caprolactams resulting from the Beckmann rearrangement of the oxime derivative of cholest-4-en-3-one. It is a member of caprolactams, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a semisynthetic derivative. 
Synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers to study biological membranes. It is also a major constituent of PULMONARY SURFACTANTS. 
it is a propanolamine that is 1-(propan-2-ylamino)propan-2-ol substituted by a 4-(2-methoxyethyl)phenoxy group at position 1. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a propanolamine, an aromatic ether, a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. it is a cardioselective competitive beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive properties and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. it antagonizes beta 1-adrenergic receptors in the myocardium, thereby reducing the rate and force of myocardial contraction leading to a reduction in cardiac output. This agent may also reduce the secretion of renin with subsequent reduction in levels of angiotensin II thereby preventing vasoconstriction and aldosterone secretion. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an oxomalonate(1-). 
it provides contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. it can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies. n MRI, visualization of normal and pathological brain tissue depends in part on variations in the radiofrequency signal intensity that occur with changes in proton density, alteration of the T1, and variation in T2. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoteridol shortens the T1 relaxation time in tissues where it accumulates. Abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoteridol in lesions such as neoplasms, abscesses, and subacute infarcts. 
All-trans-retinyl tetradecanoate is an all-trans-retinyl ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of tetradecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of all-trans-retinol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is an all-trans-retinyl ester and a tetradecanoate ester. 
it is an N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide having (S)-malyl as the anomeric substituent. It derives from a (S)-malic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a copper group element atom with atomic number 111. The the ninth member of the 6d series of transition metals, it is an extremely radioactive, synthetic element. Average mass is around 281. 
it is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 3 and 4. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dimethylbenzoate. 
it is an adenosine bisphosphate having monophosphate groups at the 2'- and 5'-positions and a sulfo group attached to the phosphate at position 5'. It derives from an adenosine 2',5'-bisphosphate and a 5'-adenylyl sulfate. 
it is a substituted dithiolthione and analog of chemopreventive agent oltipraz. it is a bile secretion-stimulating drug that restores salivation and relieves the discomfort of dry mouth in chemotherapy-induced xerostomia. In addition, this agent has exhibited chemopreventive properties. The mechanism of action for the chemopreventive and xerostomia properties have not been fully elucidated. 
it is an odorless clear liquid. Neutral pH. (NTP, 1992) it is a trialkyl phosphate that is the tris(2-chloroethyl) ester of phosphoric acid. It is a trialkyl phosphate and an organochlorine compound. 
it is the sodium salt of ceftizoxime. It contains a ceftizoxime(1-). Ceftizoxime Sodium is the sodium salt form of ceftizoxime and a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inactivating penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of the cell wall. Lack of cross-linking results in a reduction of cell wall stability and leads to cell lysis. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02268552 (An Open Label Study of it (it) in Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)). 
it is a fluoroamino acid that is ornithine substituted by a difluoromethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a trypanocidal drug. It is a fluoroamino acid and an alpha-amino acid. It derives from an ornithine. it is a difluoromethylated ornithine compound with antineoplastic activity. it irreversibly inhibits ornithine decarboxylase, an enzyme required for polyamine biosynthesis, thereby inhibiting the formation and proliferation of tumor cells. Polyamines are involved in nucleosome oligomerization and DNA conformation, creating a chromatin environment that stimulates neoplastic transformation of cells. This agent has been shown to induce apoptosis in leiomyoma cells. (NCI04) 
it is an indole alkaloid. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a hormone antagonist, a dopamine agonist and an antidyskinesia agent. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. it is a semisynthetic, ergot alkaloid with antiparkinson and lactation inhibitory activities. it selectively binds to and activates the postsynaptic dopamine D2-like receptors in the corpus striatum of the central nervous system (CNS). D2-like receptors are coupled to inhibitory G-proteins, which inhibit adenylyl cyclase, thereby preventing signal transduction mediated via cAMP and leading to an inhibitory effect on neurotransmission. This improves Parkinson symptoms, such as dyskinesia. it also has an inhibitory effect on the anterior pituitary gland, which results in blockage of prolactin secretion, thereby suppressing lactation. 
it is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of methyl-CoM, arising from deprotonation of the sulfo group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a methyl-CoM. 
FATTY ACIDS which have the first unsaturated bond in the sixth position from the omega carbon. A typical American diet tends to contain substantially more omega-6 than OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic guanidine alkaloid isolated from the marine sponge Crambe crambe and Batzella. It exhibits anti-HIV-1 and anti-HSV-1 activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV-1 agent, an anti-HSV-1 agent, an antimalarial and a marine metabolite. It is an alkaloid, a carboxylic ester, a member of guanidines, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a spiro compound, a primary amino compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is the 14-15-dihydro derivative of jerantinine A. Isolated from Tabernaemontana corymbosa, it exhibits cytotoxicity against human KB cells. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an alkaloid ester, an indole alkaloid, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It derives from a jerantinine A. 
it, also known as 3-(methylsulfanyl)-2-butanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-(methylthio)-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
N-{2-[4-methoxy-3-(2-phenylethoxy)phenyl]ethyl}-N-propylpropan-1-amine hydrochloride is an aromatic ether that is (2-phenoxyethyl)benzene which carries a 2-(dipropylamino)ethyl group at position 3 and a methoxy group at position 6. It is a potent and selective sigma1 receptor antagonist. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent and a receptor modulator. It is an aromatic ether, a member of methoxybenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and a hydrochloride. 
Glucosamine is a popular nutritional supplement and natural component of cartilage that is frequently combined with it and used for osteoarthritis and nonspecific joint pain. Glucosamine has been implicated in isolated case reports in causing clinically apparent liver injury, but the role of glucosamine as opposed to other herbal components or contaminants has not been shown, and liver injury due to glucosamine or chondroitin must be very rare if it occurs at all. 
N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine is an N-acetyl-D-galactosamine having alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from an alpha-D-galactosamine. 
it is a 21-hydroxy steroid that consists of pregn-4-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 11 and 21 and oxo groups at positions 3 and 20. it is a 21-carbon steroid hormone of the corticosteroid type produced in the cortex of the adrenal glands. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a glucocorticoid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is a oxoalkyl phosphate having 3-amino-2-oxopropyl as the oxoalkyl group. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-ammonio-2-oxopropyl phosphate(1-). 
it is a D-it in which both phosphate groups are monophosphates. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it, also known as it or phe-p-1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyridines. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring linked to a pyridine ring through a CC or CN bond. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is benzimidazole in which the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a flavone C-glycoside that is apigenin attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl and a beta-L-arabinopyranosyl residues at positions 6 and 8 respectively via C-glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a flavone C-glycoside and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is noncombustible. The primary hazard of this material is that it poses a threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. it is used in photography, in fabric printing, in chemical analysis, and in many other uses. it is a cadmium coordination entity in which cadmium(2+) and Cl(-) ions are present in the ratio 2:1. Although considered to be ionic, it has considerable covalent character to its bonding. it is a whitish, crystalline, inorganic compound that forms toxic fumes of cadmium oxides when heated. it is used in electroplating, printing, photocopying, dyeing, mirrors, vacuum tubes, lubricants, analytical chemistry and as a chemical intermediate to produce cadmium containing pigments and stabilizers. Exposure to this substance irritates the eyes, skin and respiratory tract and causes damage to the lungs resulting in shortness of breath, chest pain and pulmonary edema, and can also damage the kidneys causing proteinuria and decreased renal function. it is a known carcinogen and is associated with an elevated risk of developing lung cancer. (NCI05) 
it appears as a yellow to brown liquid with a mild ester odor. Used to control sucking, boring, and chewing pests on rice, cotton, coffee, apples, and other crops. Effective on ornamentals, trees, and shrubs for aphids, leaf hoppers, and scale insects. (EPA, 1998) it is a dialkyl phosphate and an organophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an avicide and an agrochemical. 
it appears as odorless white crystalline solid or white powder with a bitter taste. pH (2% aqueous solution) 5. pH (1% aqueous solution) 4-5. (NTP, 1992) it is a synthetic alkylamine derivative used in allergic reactions, hay fever, rhinitis, urticaria, and asthma, antihistamine it acts as a competitive histamine H1 receptor antagonist, and displays anticholinergic and mild sedative effects as well. (NCI04) 
it is the N-amidino derivative of glycine. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a nutraceutical, a rat metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a guanidinoacetate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a gamma-lactone that is oxolan-2-one substituted by a hexyl group at position 5. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a food additive and an anticonvulsant. It is a gamma-lactone and a tetrahydrofuranone. 
N-Methylhistamine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aralkylamines. These are alkylamines in which the alkyl group is substituted at one carbon atom by an aromatic hydrocarbyl group. N-Methylhistamine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the L-enantiomer of psicose. It has a role as an antiviral agent. It is an enantiomer of a D-psicose. 
it is a solid. Insoluble in water. Used in organic synthesis, calibration, and temperature sensing equipment. it is a straight-chain alkane with 22 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is the isethionate salt form of palbociclib, an orally available cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Palbociclib selectively inhibits cyclin-dependent kinase 4 (CDK4) and 6 (CDK6), thereby inhibiting retinoblastoma (Rb) protein phosphorylation early in the G1 phase leading to cell cycle arrest. This suppresses DNA replication and decreases tumor cell proliferation. CDK4 and 6 are serine/threonine kinases that are upregulated in many tumor cell types and play a key role in the regulation of cell cycle progression. 
it is a diterpene triepoxide that is triptobenzene K in which the acylhydroquinone moiety has undergone oxidation to the corresponding triepoxyketone derivative. It has been isolated from the roots of Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and an immunosuppressive agent. It is a cyclic ketone, an organic heteroheptacyclic compound, a diterpene triepoxide and a butenolide. 
Cerebrosides which contain as their polar head group a glucose moiety bound in glycosidic linkage to the hydroxyl group of ceramides. Their accumulation in tissue, due to a defect in beta-glucosidase, is the cause of Gaucher's disease. 
it is a nitrobenzoic acid carrying the nitro substituent at position 2. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-nitrobenzoate. 
it is a long-chain fatty aldehyde resulting from the formal oxidation of the hydroxy group of hexacosan-1-ol. It is a minor component of barley leaf wax. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty aldehyde and a 2,3-saturated fatty aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a hexacosane. 
17beta-estradiol 3-benzoate is a benzoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of benzoic acid with the phenolic hydroxy group of 17beta-estradiol. It has a role as a xenoestrogen and an estrogen receptor agonist. It is a benzoate ester and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. it is the synthetic benzoate ester of estradiol, a steroid sex hormone vital to the maintenance of fertility and secondary sexual characteristics in females. As the primary, most potent estrogen hormone produced by the ovaries, estradiol binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors. This agent exhibits mild anabolic and metabolic properties, and increases blood coagulability. (NCI04) 
it is an odorless yellow to orange-brown crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992)  It is a chemotherapy drug that interferes with DNA and RNA synthesis. it is a member of pteridines, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antirheumatic drug, an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an abortifacient, a dermatologic drug, an antimetabolite and an immunosuppressive agent. It derives from a L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is an antimetabolite and antifolate agent with antineoplastic and immunosuppressant activities. it binds to and inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in inhibition of purine nucleotide and thymidylate synthesis and, subsequently, inhibition of DNA and RNA syntheses. it also exhibits potent immunosuppressant activity although the mechanism(s) of actions is unclear. 
it is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is E3040 in which the hydroxy hydrogen at position 6 has been replaced by a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid group. It is a metabolite of the anti-inflammatory drug, E3040. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a member of pyridines, a member of benzothiazoles and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an E3040. It is a conjugate acid of a 5,7-dimethyl-2-methylamino-4-(3-pyridylmethyl)-1,3-benzothiazol-6-yl beta-D-glucuronide(1-). 
it is a phosphatidylinositol mannoside having the phosphatidyl moiety (with specific O-acyl groups) at the 1-position, a single mannosyl residue at the 2-position and a linear pentamannoside at position 6 of the inositol ring. It has a role as an antigen. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of ropivacaine, a local anesthetic of the amide type with analgesic activity. Ropivacaine binds to voltage-gated sodium ion channels in the neuronal membrane, thereby preventing the permeability of sodium ions and resulting in a stabilization of the neuronal membrane and inhibition of depolarization; nerve impulse generation and propagation are blocked, resulting in a reversible loss of sensation. 
it is a galloyl-beta-D-glucose compound having four galloyl groups in the 1-, 2-, 3- and 6-positions. It is a gallate ester and a galloyl beta-D-glucose. 
it is an erythrose phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a D-erythrose. It is a conjugate base of a D-erythrose 4-phosphate. 
it is a steroid acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-oxo-23,24-bisnor-chol-4-en-22-oic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3-oxo-23,24-bisnorchol-4-en-22-oic acid. 
A 21-amino acid peptide produced predominantly within the kidney and intestine, with smaller amounts produced in the myocardium, placenta, and uterus, but the cells of origin are not clear. it has no unique physiologic functions, as compared with endothelin-1. (N Eng J Med 1995;333(6):356-63) 
An adenine nucleotide containing three phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety. In addition to its crucial roles in metabolism adenosine triphosphate is a neurotransmitter. 
Glutamic acid is an alpha-amino acid that is glutaric acid bearing a single amino substituent at position 2. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid and a polar amino acid. It contains a 2-carboxyethyl group. It is a conjugate acid of a glutamate(1-). 
3, 3'-Thiobispropanoic acid, also known as it or 4-thiaheptanedioic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. 3, 3'-Thiobispropanoic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 3'-thiobispropanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
N1-(alpha-D-Ribosyl)-5, 6-dimethyl-benzimidazole, also known as it or 5, 6-dimethyl-1-a-D-ribofuranosyl-1H-benzimidazole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzimidazole ribonucleosides and ribonucleotides. These are nucleosides with a structure that consists of an imidazole moiety of benzimidazole is N-linked to a ribose (or deoxyribose). Nucleotides have a phosphate group linked to the C5 carbon of the ribose (or deoxyribose) moiety. N1-(alpha-D-Ribosyl)-5, 6-dimethyl-benzimidazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a nucleotide-sugar oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups of UDP-L-arabinose; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an UDP-L-arabinose. 
it is a small molecule inhibitor of hypoxia inducible factor (HIF)-1 alpha currently in a clinical trial in patients with advanced metastatic cancer and lymphoma. it was effective in models of both non-small cell lung cancer and small cell lung cancer that express HIF-1 alpha. HIF-1alpha Inhibitor it is an orally active small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. Although its mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, HIF1-alpha inhibitor it appears to inhibit hypoxia-inducible factor 1-alpha (HIF1A) expression, which may result in decreased expression of HIF1A downstream target genes important to tumor growth and survival, a reduction in tumor cell proliferation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. The inhibitory effect of this agent is independent of the tumor suppressor genes VHL and p53 and may be related to derangements in glucose uptake and metabolism due to inhibition of glucose transporter-1 (Glut-1). 
it is a galactonic acid compound having L-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-galactonate. It is an enantiomer of a D-galactonic acid. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid lacking the isopropyl substituent with an aromatic C-ring and a hydroxy group at the 12-position. It derives from a hydride of a podocarpane. 
2-imino-3-(indol-3-yl)propanoic acid is a dehydroamino acid that is tryptophan in which the amino group has been oxidised to the corresponding imine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a dehydroamino acid, a ketimine, a tryptophan derivative and a member of indoles. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-imino-3-(indol-3-yl)propanoate. It is a tautomer of an alpha,beta-didehydrotryptophan and a it. 
N(tele)-methyl-L-histidine is a L-histidine derivative in which the methyl group is at N(tele)-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a L-histidine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an O-phosphonato-L-homoserine(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 5-ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 1-[3-(dimethylamino)propyl]-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran-5-carbonitrile that has S-configuration at the chiral centre. It is the active enantiomer of citalopram. It has a role as an antidepressant and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-citalopram. it is the active S-stereoisomer of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) citalopram with antidepressant, anti-obsessive-compulsive and antibulimic properties. it inhibits the reuptake of the neurotransmitter serotonin (5-HT) at the serotonin reuptake pump of the neuronal membrane of the presynaptic cell, thereby increasing levels of 5-HT within the synaptic cleft and enhancing the actions of serotonin on 5HT1A autoreceptors. Unlike other SSRIs, it appears to not only bind to a primary high-affinity site on the serotonin transporter protein but also to a secondary lower-affinity allosteric site that is considered to stabilize and prolong drug binding. 
Beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine is a member of the class of chitobioses consisting of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine having a beta-D-glucosaminyl residue attached at the 4-position. It is a conjugate base of a beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine(1+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the enal that is (E)-hex-2-enal substituted with an oxo group at C-4. It is an enal and an enone. 
it is a quinolizidine alkaloid obtained by formal dehydrogenation at the 5,6-position of sparteine. It is a metabolite of sparteine found in human urine and plasma. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a quinolizidine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It derives from a sparteine. 
it, known as Xerava by Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, is a fully synthetic fluorocycline antibiotic of the tetracycline class with activity against clinically significant gram-negative, gram-positive aerobic, and facultative bacteria. This includes most of those bacteria resistant to cephalosporins, fluoroquinolones, β-lactam/β-lactamase inhibitors, multidrug-resistant strains, and carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, and the majority of anaerobic pathogens.  It was first approved by the FDA on August 27, 2018. it has demonstrated superior potency to that of antibiotics that are currently being marketed for intraabdominal infections. 
3,7,12-trioxo-5beta-cholanic acid is an oxo-5beta-cholanic acid in which three oxo substituents are located at positions 3, 7 and 12 on the cholanic acid skeleton. It has a role as a gastrointestinal drug. It is an oxo-5beta-cholanic acid, a 7-oxo steroid, a 12-oxo steroid and a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,7,12-trioxo-5beta-cholan-24-oate. 
1,2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol)(1-) is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol)(1-) in which both acyl groups are specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl); major species at pH 7.3. It is a phosphatidylglycerol 32:0(1-) and a 1-acyl-2-palmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol)(1-). It is a conjugate base of a 1,2-palmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol). 
it is a guanosine 5'-phosphate. It derives from a GTP. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is 2,3-dimethoxybenzoquinone which has been substituted at positions 5 and 6 by decyl and methyl groups. It has a role as a cofactor. It derives from a 6-decylubiquinol. 
A nucleoside diphosphate sugar formed from GDPmannose, which provides fucose for lipopolysaccharides of bacterial cell walls, and for blood group substances and other glycoproteins. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta2 specific phosphorothioate antisense oligodeoxynucleotide with the sequence 5'-CGGCATGTCTATTTTGTA-3', with potential antineoplastic activity. Trebedersen binds to TGF-beta2 mRNA causing inhibition of protein translation, thereby decreasing TGF-beta2 protein levels; decreasing intratumoral TGF-beta2 levels may result in the inhibition of tumor cell growth and migration, and tumor angiogenesis. TGF-beta2, a cytokine often over-expressed in various malignancies, may play an important role in promoting the growth, progression, and migration of tumor cells. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a bread, coffee, and dark taste. 
C.i. basic green 4 appears as green crystals with metallic luster. Water solutions are blue-green. Used in dyeing silk, wool, biological staining, etc. it is an organic chloride salt that is the monochloride salt of it cation. Used as a green-coloured dye, as a counter-stain in histology, and for its anti-fungal properties in aquaculture. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye, an antifungal drug, a carcinogenic agent, a teratogenic agent, an environmental contaminant and an antibacterial agent. It contains a it cation. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid diamide that is a derivative of butyl(hydroxy)malonic acid in which one carboxy group has formed a hydrazide with 1,2-diphenylhydrazine and the other an amide with 6-aminohexanoic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid diamide and a carbohydrazide. 
it, also known as extraneal or adept, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dichlorobenzenes. Dichlorobenzenes are compounds containing a benzene with exactly two chlorine atoms attached to it. it is a drug which is used for management of high blood pressure. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, guanabenz is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the phenyl ester of para-aminosalicylic acid, reported to have less side effects than simple salts of para-aminosalicylic acid. 
it is conjugate base of S-it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a S-it. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a faint sweet odor. Shipped as a liquid under its vapor pressure. A leak may either be liquid or vapor. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Easily ignited. Vapors heavier than air. Can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used to make other chemicals and as a herbicide. it is a one-carbon compound that is methane in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a chloro group. It has a role as a refrigerant, a mutagen and a marine metabolite. It is a member of methyl halides and a member of its. Methyl Chloride is a colorless, flammable, toxic gas that was used widely as a refrigerant and has many current industrial applications, including use as a local anesthetic, a chemical intermediate in silicone polymer production and drug manufacturing, an extractant for oils and resins, a solvent in butyl rubber and petroleum refining, a propellant in polystyrene foam production, a methylating and chlorinating agent in organic chemistry and an herbicide. Exposure to methyl chloride can cause a wide variety of issues from frostbite, drowsiness and dizziness to paralysis, seizures and coma depending on the route and level (concentration and duration) of exposure. 
5-Acetyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole, also known as 2, 4-dimethyl-5-acetylthiazole or fema 3267, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 5-Acetyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-acetyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5-Acetyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole has a boiled meat, meaty, and nutty taste. 
it is a broad-spectrum, fifth-generation, pyrrolidinone cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an N-acyl-L-amino acid that is the N-indole-3-acetyl derivative of L-leucine. It is a N-acyl-L-amino acid, a L-leucine derivative and a N-(indole-3-acetyl)leucine. 
it, also known as it or fema 2689, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, floral, and fresh taste. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is vanillin in which the hydrogen ortho- to the hydroxy group is substituted by a nitro group. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of 2-nitrophenols. It derives from a vanillin. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid that is propionic acid substituted by an amino group at position 2 and a 3-hydroxy-4-oxopyridin-1(4H)-yl group at position 3 (the 2S-stereoisomer). It a non-protein plant amino acid isolated from Mimosa pudica. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of 4-pyridones. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a ubiquinol in which the polyprenyl substituent is octaprenyl. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is an ubiquinol and a polyprenylhydroquinone. 
it is a indole alkaloid comprising two indole-derived polycyclic moieties joined by a cyclic ether linkage. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. It derives from a hydride of a corynan. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is a 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid that is 4-methyl-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxylic acid which is substituted by a 3-cyano-4-(2-methylpropoxy)phenyl group at position 2. It is an orally-active, potent, and selective xanthine oxidase inhibitor used for the treatment of chronic hyperuricaemia in patients with gout. It has a role as an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a nitrile and a 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid. it is an orally available, non-purine inhibitor of xanthine oxidase with uric acid lowering activity. Upon oral administration, it selectively and noncompetitively inhibits the activity of xanthine oxidase, an enzyme that converts oxypurines, including hypoxanthine and xanthine, into uric acid. By inhibiting xanthine oxidase, uric acid production is reduced and serum uric acid levels are lowered. it may provide protection against acute renal failure caused by the excessive release of uric acid that occurs upon massive tumor cell lysis resulting from the treatment of some malignancies. 
it, also known as catechin gallate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechin gallates. These are organic compounds containing a gallate moiety glycosidically linked to a catechin. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-galloylcatechin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3-galloylcatechin can be found in a number of food items such as peanut, common hazelnut, pine nut, and almond. This makes 3-galloylcatechin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as solid odorless white crystals or pellets. Density 1.335 g /cc. Noncombustible. it is a carbonyl group with two C-bound amine groups. It has a role as a flour treatment agent, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a fertilizer. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a one-carbon compound. It derives from a carbonic acid. It is a tautomer of a carbamimidic acid. it is a nitrogenous compound containing a carbonyl group attached to two amine groups with osmotic diuretic activity. In vivo, it is formed in the liver via the it cycle from ammonia and is the final end product of protein metabolism. Administration of it elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain, cerebrospinal fluid and eye, into interstitial fluid and plasma, thereby decreasing pressure in those tissues and increasing urine outflow. 
it is a carbocyclic fatty acid that is hexanoic acid substituted at position 6 by a 3-oxo-2-{(Z)-pent-2-en-1-yl}cyclopentyl group. It is a carbocyclic fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid, an oxo fatty acid and a member of cyclopentanones. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (9R,13R)-1a,1b-dinor-10,11-dihydro-12-oxo-15-phytoenoate. 
it, [liquid] appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong odor that can vary from ammonia-like to fishlike. Vapors irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used in the manufacture of other chemicals. 
it is a carotenoid ether that is (3E,3'E)-1,1'-dihydroxy-3,3',4,4'-tetradehydro-1,1',2,2'-tetrahydro-psi,psi-carotene in which both hydroxyl hydrogens are replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
it is an imidazole substituted at positions 1, 4 and 5 by 4-aminosulfonylphenyl, chloro and 3-fluoro-4-methyoxyphenyl groups respectively. A selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, it is used in veterinary medicine for the control of pain and inflammation associated with osteoarthritis in dogs. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a sulfonamide, a member of imidazoles, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. 
it is an it in which the eight double bonds closest to the phosphate group have Z configuration, while the next two double bonds have E configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
, also known as fema 2950, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. is a berry, fresh, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in fruits and milk and milk products. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an amino acid analogue and antibiotic derived from the bacterium Streptomyces alanosinicus with antimetabolite and potential antineoplastic activities. L-it inhibits adenylosuccinate synthetase, which converts inosine monophospate (IMP) into adenylosuccinate, an intermediate in purine metabolism. L-it-induced disruption of de novo purine biosynthesis is potentiated by methylthioadenosine phosphorylase (MTAP) deficiency. The clinical use of this agent may be limited by its toxicity profile. MTAP is a key enzyme in the adenine and methionine salvage pathways. 
2, 5-Dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00493454 (Ibritumomab Tiuxetan for Treatment of Non-Follicular CD20+ Indolent Lymphomas). it is a radioisotope with a physical half-life of 2.83 days, used to label agents for diagnosis, disease progression and treatment. (NCI) 
Dihydromethysticin, also known as DHM or pseudomethysticin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kavalactones. These are lactones, which is structurally characterized by a benzene ring and a pyranone moiety, linked to each other to form a 4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one skeleton. Dihydromethysticin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, dihydromethysticin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, dihydromethysticin can be found in beverages. This makes dihydromethysticin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine in which both acyl substituents are specified as (9E)-octadecenoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it is a decanoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of decanoic acid with propanol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a decanoic acid and a propan-1-ol. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of tirofiban, a non-peptide tyrosine derivative with anticoagulant property. Tirofiban antagonizes fibrinogen binding to the platelet cell surface receptor, glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIA complex, one of the two purinergic receptors activated by ADP. The antagonism prevents adenylyl cyclase activation, which mediated via GP IIb/IIIa receptor complex, and results in decreased levels of cAMP and thereby interferes with platelet membrane function and subsequent platelet-platelet interaction, release of platelet granule constituents and prolongation of bleeding time. 
it is dicarboxylate anion arising from deprotonation of both carboxylic acid groups of iminoaspartic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a C4-dicarboxylate. It is a conjugate base of an iminoaspartic acid and an it(1-). 
it is a hydroxyisoflavone that is luteone in which the hydroxy group at position 7 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a member of 7-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from a luteone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the sodium salt form of acyclovir, a synthetic analog of the purine nucleoside, guanosine, with potent antiviral activity against herpes simplex viruses type 1 and 2, varicella-zoster virus and other viruses of the herpesvirus family. After conversion in vivo to the active metabolite acyclovir triphosphate by viral thymidine kinase, acyclovir competitively inhibits viral DNA polymerase by incorporating into the growing viral DNA chain and terminating further polymerization. 
it is an oxime O-ether that is 2-methylpropan-1-imine substituted by a methoxy group at the nitrogen atom. It derives from a 2-methylpropanal oxime. 
it is a triazolo[4,3-a][1,4]benzodiazepine having a dimethylaminomethyl group at the 1-position, a phenyl group at the 6-position and a chloro substituent at the 8-position. It has a role as a sedative, an anxiolytic drug, an anticonvulsant and an antidepressant. 
Adenosine 3',5'-bismonophosphate is an adenosine bisphosphate having two monophosphate groups at the 3'- and 5'-positions. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an adenosine 3',5'-bismonophosphate(4-). 
it is a carbohydrazide that is hydrazine in which the amino hydrogens have been replaced by 3-methoxy-2-methylbenzoyl, 3,5-dimethylbenzoyl, and tert-butyl groups respectively. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an insecticide. It is a carbohydrazide and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a N'-benzoyl-N-(tert-butyl)benzohydrazide. 
2-Amino-1, 7, 9-trimethylimidazo[4, 5-g]quinoxaline, also known as 7, 9-dimeigqx, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinoxalines. Quinoxalines are compounds containing a quinoxaline moiety, a bicyclic heterocycle made up of a benzene ring fused to a pyrazine ring. 2-Amino-1, 7, 9-trimethylimidazo[4, 5-g]quinoxaline exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-amino-1, 7, 9-trimethylimidazo[4, 5-g]quinoxaline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 9H-beta-carboline substituted by a ethyl group at position 9, methoxy group at position 7 and a methyl group at position 1. It is semisynthetic derivative of harmine and has been shown to exhibit significant anti-HIV activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV agent. It is an aromatic ether, a semisynthetic derivative and a member of beta-carbolines. It derives from a harmine. 
it is a bisphosphoglyceric acid. It derives from a D-glyceric acid. It is a conjugate base of a cyclic 2,3-bisphospho-D-glycerate(3-). 
it appears as a colorless to pale-yellow colored liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point 65°F. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Vapors are heavier than air and may be narcotic in high concentrations. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a desoxynojirimycin derivative and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase with antihyperglycemic activity. it binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. Compared to acarbose, it is systemically absorbed. 
it is a mixture of synthetic polypeptides that has unique antiinflammatory and immunomodulatory activities and that is used to treat relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Glatiramer therapy is associated with a low rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy and has been linked to rare instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a yellowish, aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of six fused rings and produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter. Indene[1,2,3-cd]pyrene is primarily found in certain foods, gasoline and diesel exhaust, cigarette smoke, coal tar and coal tar pitch, soot and petroleum asphalt. This substance is used only for research purposes. Indene[1,2,3-cd]pyrene is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a clear colorless to tan liquid with an odor of grapes. Has light blue fluorescence. (NTP, 1992) it is a benzoate ester that is the methyl ester of anthranilic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and a flavouring agent. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid that is 10-deacetylbaccatin III having O-methyl groups attached at positions 7 and 10 as well as an O-(2R,3S)-3-[(tert-butoxycarbonyl)amino]-2-hydroxy-3-phenylpropanoyl group attached at position 13. Acts as a microtubule inhibitor, binds tubulin and promotes microtubule assembly and simultaneously inhibits disassembly. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a microtubule-stabilising agent. It derives from a 10-deacetylbaccatin III. it is a semi-synthetic derivative of the natural taxoid 10-deacetylbaccatin III with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and stabilizes tubulin, resulting in the inhibition of microtubule depolymerization and cell division, cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase, and the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. Unlike other taxane compounds, this agent is a poor substrate for the membrane-associated, multidrug resistance (MDR), P-glycoprotein (P-gp) efflux pump and may be useful for treating multidrug-resistant tumors. In addition, it penetrates the blood-brain barrier (BBB). 
it is a hydroxamic acid that is N-hydroxy-3-methylbenzamide in which the the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 have been replaced by benzyl[(4-methoxyphenyl)sulfonyl]amino and (diethylamino)methyl groups, respectively. It is a cell-permeable, potent, selective, and reversible inhibitor of matrix metallopeptidase-9 (MMP-9, EC 3.4.24.35). It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor. It is a hydroxamic acid, a tertiary amino compound, a sulfonamide and an aromatic ether. 
(±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydrofuranoquinolines. These are organic heterocyclic compounds with a structure based on the dihydrofuranoquinoline skeleton (±)-it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (±)-it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A mercaptoethylamine compound that is endogenously derived from the COENZYME A degradative pathway. The fact that cysteamine is readily transported into LYSOSOMES where it reacts with CYSTINE to form cysteine-cysteamine disulfide and CYSTEINE has led to its use in CYSTINE DEPLETING AGENTS for the treatment of CYSTINOSIS. 
it is a tetritol phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 4-phosphate(2-). 
it is tetraanion of icosanoyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It is a saturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-), a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA(4-) and a 3-substituted propionyl-CoA(4-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Depression, Major Depressive Disorder, and Treatment Resistant Major Depressive Disorder. 
it appears as white crystalline solid or a liquid (melting point 24°C). Density 2.14 g / cm3. Toxic and corrosive. May severely irritate skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides that is a carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-(cis-3,5-dimethylpiperazin-1-yl)benzoic acid with the amino substituent of 5-[2-(3,5-dimethoxyphenyl)ethyl]-1H-pyrazol-3-amine. It is an inhibitor of the fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR). It has a role as a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of pyrazoles, a N-arylpiperazine and a member of benzamides. 
it is a thiocarbamate and squalene epoxidase inhibitor with antifungal activity. it inhibits fungal squalene epoxidase, an enzyme that plays a key role in the synthesis of sterol which is essential for cell membrane integrity. By preventing ergosterol synthesis and causing accumulation of squalene, this agent increases cell membrane permeability, cell leakage and eventually cell lysis. 
it, also known as it or 5-methyl-2-carboxaldehyde-thiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiophenes. These are organic compounds containing a thiophene that is disubstituted at the C-2, and C5-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a sweet, acetophenone, and almond taste. 
it is a naphthylmethanol that is methanol in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a (2-naphthyl) group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
Sordarin is an antifungal metabolite of Sordaria araneosa that inhibits protein synthesis. It has a tetracyclic diterpene glycoside structure. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It is a glycoside, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a monosaccharide derivative. 
it is a folic acid derivative acted upon by it reductase to produce tetrahydrofolic acid. It interacts with bacteria during cell division and is targeted by various drugs to prevent nucleic acid synthesis. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 9H-beta-carbolin-2-ium substituted by a chloro group at position 6 and a methyl group at position 2. It is isolated from a fresh water cyanobacterium Nostoc 78-12A and acts as an inhibitor of butyrylcholinesterase. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an antimalarial. It is a member of beta-carbolines, an organochlorine compound, an organic cation and an alkaloid. 
2, 6-Diethylpyrazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 6-Diethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 6-diethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 6-diethylpyrazine can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 6-diethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil with a methyl group at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a ketone that is heptan-3-one substituted by a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl group at position 1 and a phenyl group at position 7. Isolated from in Alpinia oxyphylla, it exhibits antineoplastic and inhibitory activities against COX-1, COX-2 and NO synthase. It has a role as a metabolite, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a monomethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and a ketone. 
it is an ergot alkaloid that is ergoline which contains a double bond between positions 8 and 9, and which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 6 and 8. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
A key intermediate in carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a precursor of glycogen, can be metabolized into UDPgalactose and UDPglucuronic acid which can then be incorporated into polysaccharides as galactose and glucuronic acid. Also serves as a precursor of sucrose lipopolysaccharides, and glycosphingolipids. 
it, also known as DL-6-hydroxy stearate or 18:0(6-OH), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of iron(3+) sulfate. It has a role as a mordant, a catalyst and an astringent. It contains an iron(3+) sulfate. 
it is an N-acyl-L-tyrosine that is L-tyrosine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group has been replaced by a benzoyl group. It is a N-acyl-L-tyrosine and a member of benzamides. 
it is a ent-kaurane diterpenoid that is ent-kaurane-19-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 16 and 17 (the 16beta stereoisomer). It is isolated from Helianthus sp. and Annona squamosa and exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is an ent-kaurane diterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a diol, a tertiary alcohol, a primary alcohol and a bridged compound. 
it is an oxime O-ether that is the 2,4-dichlorobenzyl ether of the oxime obtained by formal condensation of hydroxylamine with the carbonyl group of acetopnenone in which the phenyl group is substituted by chlorines at positions 2 and 4, and in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by a 1H-imidazol-1-yl group. An antifungal agent, it is used (generally as the nitrate salt) in creams and powders for the topical treatment of fungal skin infections. It has a role as an antiinfective agent. It is a member of imidazoles, an oxime O-ether, a dichlorobenzene, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a broad spectrum imidazole derivative with antifungal activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, it, like other azole antifungals, most likely inhibits the cytochrome P450-dependent demethylation of lanosterol. This prevents the synthesis of ergosterol which is a crucial component of fungal cell membrane. By disrupting fungal cell membrane synthesis and integrity, it alters fungal cell membrane permeability, promotes loss of essential intracellular components and eventually inhibits fungal cell growth. 
it appears as a white to light-colored crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
A lithium salt, classified as a mood-stabilizing agent. Lithium ion alters the metabolism of BIOGENIC MONOAMINES in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM, and affects multiple neurotransmission systems. 
An antibiotic produced by Streptomyces lincolnensis var. lincolnensis. It has been used in the treatment of staphylococcal, streptococcal, and Bacteroides fragilis infections. 
it is a carotenol that is beta,beta-carotene carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 3' (the 3R,3'S-diastereomer). It is rarely found in diet and is believed to be formed at the macula by metabolic transformations of ingested carotenoids. It has a role as an antioxidant, a marine metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Brain Diseases, Parkinson Disease, Movement Disorders, Antipsychotic Agents, and Parkinsonian Disorders, among others. it is an orally bioavailable antagonist of the adenosine A2A receptor (A2AR; ADORA2A), with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it selectively binds to and inhibits A2AR expressed on T-lymphocytes. This blocks tumor-released adenosine from interacting with A2AR and prevents the adenosine/A2AR-mediated inhibition of T-lymphocytes. This results in the proliferation and activation of T-lymphocytes, and stimulates a T-cell-mediated immune response against tumor cells. A2AR, a G protein-coupled receptor, is highly expressed on the cell surfaces of T-cells and, upon activation by adenosine, inhibits T-cell proliferation and activation. Adenosine is often overproduced by cancer cells and plays a key role in immunosuppression. 
it is an aminoalkylpyridine that is pyridine substituted by a ethanamino group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite and a histamine agonist. It is a primary amine and an aminoalkylpyridine. It derives from a pyridine. 
it is a member of the class of pterocarpans that is phaseollidin in which the prenyl group is replaced by a 3-hydroxy-3-methylbutyl group. It has a role as a phytoalexin. It derives from a phaseollidin. 
it is a prednisolone compound having an alpha-chloro substituent at the 7-position, an alpha-methyl substituent at the 16-position and O-propanoyl groups at the 17- and 21-positions. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a 20-oxo steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, a steroid ester, a propanoate ester, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a chlorinated steroid. It derives from a prednisolone. it is the dipropionate salt form of alclometasone, a synthetic corticosteroid with low to medium potency. it is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist that mimics the metabolic, anti-inflammatory, immunosuppressive, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictive effects of natural glucocorticoids. This drug interacts with specific intracellular receptors and binds to DNA to modify gene expression. This results in an induction of synthesis of certain proteins while inhibiting the synthesis of others. it is used for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. (NCI05) 
it is an indolecarboxylic acid that is indole-5-carboxylic acid bearing an additional 4-(4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridin-1-yl)butyl substituent at position 3. Selective, peripherally acting dopamine D2 receptor agonist. Modulates noradrenalin release and sympathetic activation. Displays antihypertensive properties in vivo. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a dopamine agonist and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is an indolecarboxylic acid, a tetrahydropyridine and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an amino acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-arginine with ammonia. It is an amino acid amide, a member of guanidines and a L-arginine derivative. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of acetophenones that is acetophenone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and a methyl group at position 2 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of acetophenones and a member of phenols. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is a 2-fluoro-[1,1'-biphenyl-4-yl] moiety linked to C-2 of propionic acid. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic, it is used as a pre-operative anti-miotic as well as orally for arthritis or dental pain. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a fluorobiphenyl and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. it is a derivative of propionic acid, and a phenylalkanoic acid derivative of non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) with analgesic, antiinflammatory and antipyretic effects. it non-selectively binds to and inhibits cyclooxygenase (COX). This results in a reduction of arachidonic acid conversion into prostaglandins that are involved in the regulation of pain, inflammation and fever. This NSAID also inhibits carbonic anhydrase, thereby reducing the production of hydrogen and bicarbonate ions. Upon ocular administration, it may reduce bicarbonate ion concentrations leading to a decrease in the production of aqueous humor, thereby lowering intraocular pressure. 
it is a 2-monoglyceride where the acyl group is (9Z)-octadecenoyl. It is a monooleoylglycerol and a 2-acylglycerol 18:1. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a medical food consisting of plant derived flavonoids which have antiinflammatory activity and are used to treat chronic osteoarthritis. it has been linked to minor elevations in serum enzyme levels during therapy and to rare instances of clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining 2-(chloromethyl)pyridine with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It is a hydrochloride and a pyridinium salt. It contains a 2-(chloromethyl)pyridinium. 
Tetraethyl dithiopyrophosphate is an organic phosphate pesticide which acts as an inhibitor of cholinesterase, and as such it is highly toxic by all routes of exposure. It is a colorless to pale yellow mobile oil with an odor of garlic. It may be found as a liquid or as a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a dithiodiphosphoric acid. 
it is a nitrile oxide resulting from the oxidation of hydrogen cyanide. It is a hydracid, a nitrile oxide and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a fulminate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavan-4-ols. These are flavans that bear and hydroxyl group at position 4 (B ring), but not at the 3-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a proanthocyanidin obtained by the condensation of (-)-epicatechin units. It has a role as an antioxidant, an anti-HIV agent, a metabolite and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a hydroxyflavan and a proanthocyanidin. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin. 
it, also known as 2-methylsulphanylphenol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is an egg, garlic, and meaty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N(6)-acetyl-L-lysine is an N(6)-acyl-L-lysine where the N(6)-acyl group is specified as acetyl. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N(6)-acyl-L-lysine and an acetyl-L-lysine. It is a tautomer of a N(6)-acetyl-L-lysine zwitterion. 
Sulindac sulfone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indenes and isoindenes. Indenes and isoindenes are compounds containing an indene moiety(which consists of a cyclopentadiene fused to a benzene ring), or a isoindene moiety (which consists of a cyclopentadiene fused to cyclohexadiene ring). Sulindac sulfone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Sulindac sulfone has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, sulindac sulfone is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Toxic by skin absorption through open wounds, by ingestion, and by inhalation of hydrogen cyanide from decomposition. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. 
it is a catecholate siderophore produced exclusively by Vibrio cholerae. It contains three molecules of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate linked either directly or through L-threonine residues to the polyamine norspermidine. It has a role as a siderophore. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles and a secondary carboxamide. 
it, also known as V-F dipeptide or val-phe, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from manganic acid. It is a manganese oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it. 
Dexrazoxane hydrochloride is a hydrochloride. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a cardiovascular drug, a chelator and an immunosuppressive agent. It contains a (+)-dexrazoxane. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is pentadecanoic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 14. It is a biomarker for rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as a biomarker and a mammalian metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a pentadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of hydroquinones that is 2-methylbenzene-1,4-diol substituted by a phytyl group at position 6. It is a member of hydroquinones and a dihydroxytoluene. 
it, also known as nortrachelogenin or arbo 6, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as it lignans. These are lignan compounds containing a 3, 4-dibenzyloxolan-2-one moiety it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (-)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (-)-it can be found in fruits and sesame. This makes (-)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a disaccharide phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a sucrose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a terpene ketone derived from ring cleavage of the apo carotenoid beta-ionone. It has a role as a fragrance. It derives from a beta-ionone. 
it is a pyrimidine 5'-deoxyribonucleoside that is 5-fluorouridine in which the hydroxy group at the 5' position is replaced by a hydrogen. It is an oral prodrug of the antineoplastic agent 5-fluorouracil. Designed to circumvent the rapid degradation of 5-fluorouracil by dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase in the gut wall, it is converted into 5-fluorouracil in the presence of pyrimidine nucleoside phosphorylase. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a prodrug. It is an organofluorine compound and a pyrimidine 5'-deoxyribonucleoside. it is a fluoropyrimidine derivative and oral prodrug of the antineoplastic agent 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) with antitumor activity. it, designed to circumvent the rapid degradation of 5-FU by dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase in the gut wall, is converted into 5-FU in the presence of pyrimidine nucleoside phosphorylase. 5-FU interferes with DNA synthesis and subsequent cell division by reducing normal thymidine production and interferes with RNA transcription by competing with uridine triphosphate for incorporation into the RNA strand. 
it is a sulfonamide, a member of pyrimidines and a primary alcohol. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an endothelin receptor antagonist. it is a sulfonamide-derived, competitive and specific endothelin receptor antagonist with a slightly higher affinity for the endothelin A receptor than endothelin B receptor. it blocks the action of endothelin 1, an extremely potent endogenous vasoconstrictor and bronchoconstrictor, by binding to endothelin A and endothelin B receptors in the endothelium and vascular smooth muscle. it decreases both pulmonary and systemic vascular resistance and is particularly used in the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. 
it is the D-enantiomer of 5-hydroxytryptophan. It is a 5-hydroxytryptophan, a D-tryptophan derivative and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is an enantiomer of a 5-hydroxy-L-tryptophan. 
it is a trisaccharide composed of alpha-D-galactopyranose, alpha-D-glucopyranose and beta-D-fructofuranose joined in sequence by 1->6 and 1<->2 glycosidic linkages, respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it family oligosaccharide and a trisaccharide. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dihydroxyphenylpyruvate. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid anion that is the conjugate base of L-arginine; obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is an argininate and a L-alpha-amino acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a L-arginine. It is an enantiomer of a D-argininate. 
it, aqueous solution, stabilized, with more than 60% it appears as a colorless liquid. Vapors may irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may violently rupture due to decomposition. Used to bleach textiles and wood pulp, in chemical manufacturing and food processing. it is an inorganic peroxide consisting of two hydroxy groups joined by a covalent oxygen-oxygen single bond. It has a role as an oxidising agent, a disinfectant, an explosive, an antimicrobial agent, a cofactor, a human xenobiotic metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, a GABA antagonist, a neurotoxin, a genotoxin, a biomarker, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a bleaching agent and an emetic. It is an inorganic peroxide and a member of reactive oxygen species. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenperoxide(1-). it is a peroxide and oxidizing agent with disinfectant, antiviral and anti-bacterial activities. Upon rinsing and gargling or topical application, it exerts its oxidizing activity and produces free radicals which leads to oxidative damage to proteins and membrane lipids. This may inactivate and destroy pathogens and may prevent spreading of infection. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Childhood Myelodysplastic Syndromes, Refractory Anemia With Excess Blasts, Recurrent Adult Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Relapsing Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia, and Adult Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia (M3), among others. it is a nonsedating benzodiazepine derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. Farnesyltransferase inhibitor it inhibits the enzyme farnesyltransferase and the post-translational farnesylation of number of proteins involved in signal transduction, which may result in the inhibition of Ras function and apoptosis in susceptible tumor cells. This agent may reverse the malignant phenotype of H-Ras-transformed cells and has been shown to be active against tumor cells with and without Ras mutations. 
4-(3-Hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol, also known as 4-coumaryl alcohol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamyl alcohols. These are aromatic alcohols containing a 3-phenylprop-2-en-1-ol moiety. 4-(3-Hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 4-(3-Hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 4-(3-hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol can be biosynthesized from cinnamyl alcohol. 4-(3-Hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol can also be converted into 4-hydroxycinnamyl alcohol 4-beta-D-glucoside. 
A group of unsaturated fatty acids occurring mainly in fish oils, with three double bonds at particular positions in the hydrocarbon chain. 
it is an odorless off-white to yellow crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of flurazepam, a member of the benzodiazepines and a long-acting depressor of the central nervous system (CNS) with sedative and hypnotic effects. Flurazepam binds to a specific site on the benzodiazepine-gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A-chloride ionophore receptor complex located on the neuronal membrane. Binding causes an allosteric modification of the receptor thereby enhancing the affinity of GABA to the receptor leading to an increase in the frequency of chloride-channel opening events, which leads to an increase in chloride ion conductance, neuronal hyperpolarization, inhibition of the action potential, and a decrease in neuronal excitability. By modulating binding of the GABA inhibitory neurotransmitter to GABA-A receptors in the ascending reticular activating system, flurazepam blocks arousal of the cortical and limbic system, thereby exerting its sedative and hypnotic effect. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is 1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid substituted by an oxo group at position 4, a fluoro group at position 6, a cyclopropyl group at position 1 and a 4-ethylpiperazin-1-yl group at position 7. It is a veterinary antibacterial agent used for the treatment of pets. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and an antimicrobial agent. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone, an organofluorine compound, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine and a member of cyclopropanes. 
it is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid consisting of cyclohexane carrying carboxymethyl and hydroxy substituents both at the 1-position. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone with hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7, methyl groups at positions 6 and 8 and a methoxy group at position 4'. It has a role as a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone, a monomethoxyflavanone and a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is a lipid A derivative used for the treatment of severe sepsis. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is 5,6,7,8-Tetrahydroquinoline in whith the hydrogens at position 6 are substituted by a 3-azabutyl group and a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group. (S configuration). It is found in the herb kanna (Sceletium tortuosum). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Kaempferol 3,7-di-O-beta-D-glucoside is a glycosyloxyflavone that is kaempferol having two beta-D-glucosyl residues attached at positions O-3 and O-7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a polyphenol and a kaempferol O-glucoside. 
it is the maleate salt of acepromazine, a phenothiazine derivative with depressant effect on the central nervous system. Acepromazine acts as a dopamine receptor antagonist in the CNS, thereby causing sedation, muscular relaxation and a reduction in spontaneous activity. Its fast-acting neuroleptic effect with low toxicity is of particular value in veterinary medicine. 
2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol, also known as 4-hydroxymethyl-2, 6-di-tert-butylphenol or 3, 5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy-benzyl alcohol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 6-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate that is the 6-oxo derivative of UMP. It derives from a uridine 5'-monophosphate and a barbituric acid. 
it is an ethanolamine sulfate salt. It derives from an albuterol. it is the sulfate salt of the short-acting sympathomimetic agent albuterol, a 1:1 racemic mixture of (R)-albuterol and (S)-albuterol with bronchodilator activity. Albuterol stimulates beta2-adrenergic receptors in the lungs, thereby activating the enzyme adenylate cyclase that catalyzes the conversion of ATP to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP concentrations relax bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, and reduce inflammatory cell mediator release, especially from mast cells. To a lesser extent albuterol stimulates beta1-adrenergic receptors, thereby increasing the force and rate of myocardial contraction. 
it is the mesylate salt form of fenoldopam, a benzazepine derivative with rapid-acting vasodilator activity. it is a racemic mixture of S- and R- isomers; the latter is responsible for the biological activity and has a significantly higher affinity for dopamine D1-like receptors (D1 and D5) as well as moderate affinity to alpha-2 adrenergic receptors. This agent selectively activates the dopamine D1-like receptor, thereby causing vasodilatation and increasing renal perfusion. 
it, also known as it or turmerone (-ar), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and turmeric. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 57°F. Boiling point 211.1°F (99.5°C). Vapor and liquid may cause burns. Denser than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a synthetic, pyrimidine C-5 nucleoside with antineoplastic activity. it, after conversion into it triphosphate, is incorporated into DNA and RNA eventually halting tumor cell proliferation. Compared to 5-azacytidine and cytarabine, this agent shows enhanced stability and resistance to enzymatic deamination. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining 4,4'-carbonimidoylbis(N,N-dimethylaniline) with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. A fluorescent stain for demonstrating acid fast organisms in a method similar to the Ziehl Neelsen. It also can be used to make a fluorescent Schiff reagent. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains an it(1+). 
it is an N-glycosyl-1,3,5-triazine that is 4-amino-1,3,5-triazin-2(1H)-one substituted by a beta-D-ribofuranosyl residue via an N-glycosidic linkage. An antineoplastic agent, it is used in the treatment of myeloid leukaemia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-glycosyl-1,3,5-triazine and a nucleoside analogue. It derives from a beta-D-ribose. it is a pyrimidine nucleoside analogue of cytidine with antineoplastic activity. it is incorporated into DNA, where it reversibly inhibits DNA methyltransferase, thereby blocking DNA methylation. Hypomethylation of DNA by azacitidine may activate tumor suppressor genes silenced by hypermethylation, resulting in an antitumor effect. This agent is also incorporated into RNA, thereby disrupting normal RNA function and impairing tRNA cytosine-5-methyltransferase activity. (NCI04) 
it, n.o.s. appears as crystalline or powdered solids. May explode under exposure to heat or fire. If available, obtain the technical name from the shipping papers and contact CHEMTREC, 800-424-9300 for specific response information. it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of perchloric acid. It is a monovalent inorganic anion and a chlorine oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a perchloric acid. 
Methotrexate disodium is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of methotrexate. It has a role as an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor. It contains a methotrexate(2-). it is the sodium salt of methotrexate, an antimetabolite with antineoplastic and immunomodulating properties. Methotrexate binds to and inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in inhibition of purine nucleotide and thymidylate synthesis and, subsequently, inhibition of DNA and RNA syntheses. Methotrexate also exhibits potent immunosuppressant properties. (NCI04) 
it is a small molecule inhibitor of the Wnt/beta-catenin pathway with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon intravenous administration, tegavivint binds to transducin beta-like protein 1 (TBL1) and disrupts the binding of beta-catenin to TBL1. This promotes beta-catenin degradation, attenuates nuclear and cytoplasmic levels of beta-catenin, and reduces transcriptional activity of transcription factor 4 (TCF4) and expression of its target genes, cyclin D1, c-Myc and survivin. The Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway regulates cell morphology, motility, and proliferation; aberrant regulation of this pathway leads to neoplastic proliferation. Beta-catenin is frequently mutated in various tumors. 
Hexagonal leaflets (from alcohols) or prisms (from acetic acid) or white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid with a alpha-hydroxy substituent at position 3. It is a bile acid obtained from chenodeoxycholic acid by bacterial action. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid, a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a C24-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a lithocholate. 
it is a carboxylic ester that is 2,3-dihydroxypropyl anthranilate in which the amino group is substituted by a 7-chloroquinolin-4-yl group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it and its hydrochloride salt were used for the relief of all types of pain, but high incidence of anaphylactic reactions resulted in their withdrawal from the market. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an inhibitor. It is an organochlorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a glycol, a carboxylic ester and an aminoquinoline. It derives from a glycerol and an anthranilic acid. 
it has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Retinopathy, Rett Syndrome, Genetic Disease, Noise-induced Hearing Loss, and Methylmalonic Aciduria and Homocystinuria,Cblc Type. 
it is a member of the class of cobalamins that is vitamin B12 in which the cyano group is replaced by a 5'-deoxyadenos-5'-yl moiety. It is one of the two metabolically active form of vitamin B12. It has a role as a coenzyme, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a cofactor and a prosthetic group. It is a member of cobalamins and a corrinoid. 
it is a third-generation, aminohexane bisphosphonate with anti-resorptive and anti-hypercalcemic activities. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, it binds to and adsorbs onto hydroxyapatite crystals in bone matrix, thereby preventing osteoclast resorption. This agent also binds to and inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, an enzyme that plays an important role in the mevalonate pathway. This inhibits the formation of isoprenoids that are substrates for protein prenylation. This prevents farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of proteins essential for osteoclast function, thereby leading to the induction of apoptosis of osteoclasts. By preventing osteoclast-mediated bone resorption, it decreases bone turnover rate, stabilizes the bone matrix and reduces hypercalcemia. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid obtained by catabolism of gibberellin A51. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid, an enone and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. It derives from a gibberellin A51. It derives from a hydride of an ent-gibberellane. 
it is the inorganic chloride salt of caesium; each caesium ion is coordinated by eight chlorine ions. It has a role as a phase-transfer catalyst and a vasoconstrictor agent. It is an inorganic chloride and a caesium molecular entity. 
Pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine, also known as pyrrolidino[1, 2-e]-4h-1, 3, 5-dithiazine, 2, 4-dimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3, 5-dithiazinanes. These are cyclic compounds that contain a dithiazinane ring, which is a saturated heterocycle that consisting of one nitrogen atom, two sulfur atoms at the 1-, 3-, and 5- position, respectively. Pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine has a cooked, meaty, and roasted taste. 
it is a 1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine with a carboxy group at the 3-position, an oxo sustituent at the 4-position, a fluoro substituent at the 5-position and a substituted pyrrolin-1-yl group at the 7-position. It has a role as a topoisomerase IV inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a 1,8-naphthyridine derivative, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it Mesylate is the mesylate salt form of it, a synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone with antibacterial activity. it mesylate inhibits activities of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and eventually bacterial growth. This fluoroquinolone exerts an enhanced spectrum of activity against gram-positive bacteria such as Streptococcus pneumoniae and Staphylococcus aureus, in addition to its activity against gram-negative bacteria. it is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic with antimicrobial property. it enters bacterial cells by diffusion through integral membrane porin pathway before targeting both DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, two enzymes critical for DNA replication and repair. This agent binds to the DNA/DNA-gyrase complex and inhibits the A subunits of the enzyme thereby preventing the bacterial chromosome from rejoining. This interferes with DNA replication and repair processes as well as transcription, and ultimately leads to bacterial cell death. it targets at both Gram-positive, -negative and atypical human pathogens. 
Crystal form that turns red on exposure to heat or light. (EPA, 1998) it is an azaheterocycle salicylate salt and a member of salicylates. It contains a physostigmine. 
it is a member of the class of phenols carrying an ethyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Medicagenic acid, also known as medicagenate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Medicagenic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, medicagenic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, medicagenic acid can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes medicagenic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
This amino acid is formed during the urea cycle from citrulline, aspartate and ATP. This reaction is catalyzed by argininosuccinic acid synthetase. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion arising from deprotonation of both carboxylic acid groups of (6S)-5-formyltetrahydrofolic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (6S)-5-formyltetrahydrofolic acid. 
N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester hydrochloride is a hydrochloride obtained by combining N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It contains a N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester(1+). 
it is a diterpenoid that is 20-ethyl-3alpha,13,15alpha-trihydroxy-1alpha,6alpha,16beta-trimethoxy-4-(methoxymethyl)aconitane-8,14alpha-diol having acetate and benzoate groups at the 8- and 14-positions respectively. It derives from an aconitane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a caramel, fruity, and green taste. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-aspartic acid, L-leucine, L-aspartic acid, and L-glutamine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid, a L-leucine and a L-glutamine. 
2-Hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 2-Hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
An androstene derivative that inhibits STEROID 17-ALPHA-HYDROXYLASE and is used as an ANTINEOPLASTIC AGENT in the treatment of metastatic castration-resistant PROSTATE CANCER. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-oxohexanoic acid. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and an oxo fatty acid anion. It derives from a hexanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxohexanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of hexahydronaphthalenes that is 1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydronaphthalene which is substituted by a (3R,5R)-6-carboxy-3,5-dihydroxyhexyl group at position 1, a methyl group at position 2, and a (2S)-2-methylbutanoyloxy group at position 8 (the 1S,2S,8S,8aR isomer). Lactonisation of the hydroxy-carboxylic acid chain at position 1 affords mevastatin. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor. It is a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid, a member of hexahydronaphthalenes, a polyketide and a carboxylic ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
XMC is a carbamate ester. It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 3,5-xylenol. 
it is a norreticuline. It has a role as an EC 2.1.1.116 [3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase] inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-norreticuline. 
4-(3, 7-Dimethylocta-2, 6-dien-1-yl)-5-(6-hydroxy-1-benzofuran-2-yl)benzene-1, 3-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. 4-(3, 7-Dimethylocta-2, 6-dien-1-yl)-5-(6-hydroxy-1-benzofuran-2-yl)benzene-1, 3-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a nitrotoluene that is toluene in which the hydrogens ortho- to the methyl group have been replaced by a chlorine and a nitro group. A low-melting (37 ℃) solid. It is a nitrotoluene, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a volatile organic compound. 
it is the parent compound of the class of its, that is pyrazine bearing a single carboxy substituent. The active metabolite of the antitubercular drug pyrazinamide. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is a conjugate acid of a pyrazine-2-carboxylate. 
A nucleoside diphosphate sugar which can be epimerized into UDPglucose for entry into the mainstream of carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a source of galactose in the synthesis of lipopolysaccharides, cerebrosides, and lactose. 
A pyrazole and piperidine derivative that acts as a selective cannabinoid type-1 receptor (CB1 RECEPTOR) antagonist. It inhibits the proliferation and maturation of ADIPOCYTES, improves lipid and glucose metabolism, and regulates food intake and energy balance. It is used in the management of OBESITY. 
it is a syrbactin that has a (3E,9E)-2,7-dioxo-1,6-diazacyclododeca-3,9-diene skeleton that is substituted by an isopropyl group at position 5 and by a [(2S)-2-({[(1S)-1-carboxy-2-methylpropyl]carbamoyl}amino)-3-methylbutanoyl]nitrilo group at the 8-pro-S position. It is produced by the pathogenic bacterium Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of ureas, a monocarboxylic acid, a syrbactin and a homodetic cyclic peptide. 
it appears as white orthorhombic sphenoidal crystals from water. pH of 0.05 molar solution: 5.85. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrate that is the trihydrate form of scopolamine hydrobromide. It has a role as a mydriatic agent, a muscarinic antagonist, an anaesthesia adjuvant, an antispasmodic drug and an antiemetic. It contains a scopolamine hydrobromide (anhydrous). Scopolamine Hydrobromide is the hydrobromide salt form of scopolamine, a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt obtained by formal methylation of the tertiary amino function of 4-diphenylacetoxy-N-methylpiperidine. It has a role as a cholinergic antagonist and a muscarinic antagonist. 
it is a member of the class of benzofurans that is dibenzo[b,d]furan-3,7-dione bearing two methyl substituents at positions 1 and 9 as well as two 2,4-dihydroxy-6-methylanilino substituents at positions 2 and 8. It is a member of dibenzofurans, a polyphenol, a member of resorcinols, a secondary amino compound and a member of quinomethanes. 
it is a member of the class of ethylenediamine derivatives that is ethylenediamine in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by two methyl groups, and the other nitrogen is substituted by a 2-pyridyl group and a (2-thienyl)methyl group. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent, a sedative and a carcinogenic agent. 
it is an androgenic anabolic steroid having potent anti-estrogenic effect, which inhibits the progression of estrogen-stimulated cancers such as breast cancer. (NCI) 
it is a gluconate that is the conjugate base of lactobionic acid arising from the deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a lactobionic acid. 
it is an antiretroviral drug produced by Merck & Co., used to treat HIV infection. It received approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 12 October 2007, the first of a new class of HIV drugs, the integrase inhibitors, to receive such approval. it is a small molecule with activity against human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). it is an integrase inhibitor that blocks the integration of the viral genome into the host DNA, a critical step in the pathogenesis of HIV. 
it is the (1S,2R)-(+)-diastereoisomer of it. It has a role as an opioid analgesic and a mu-opioid receptor agonist. It is an enantiomer of a levoit. it is the d-isomer of synthetic diphenyl propionate derivative it, with narcotic analgesic effect. This agent mimics the effects of the endogenous opiate it, by binding to mu receptors located throughout the central nervous system. The binding results in GTP to GDP exchanges on the mu-G-protein complex, by which effector adenylate cyclase is inactivated thereby decreasing intracellular cAMP. This, in turn, inhibits the release of various nociceptive neurotransmitters, such as substance P, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), dopamine, acetylcholine, noradrenaline, vasopressin, and somatostatin. In addition, it closes N-type voltage-gated calcium channels and opens calcium-dependent inwardly rectifying potassium channels. This results in hyperpolarization, thereby reducing neuronal excitability, which further decreases the perception of pain. 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol in which the 7alpha hydrogen has been replaced by a nonyl group in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl has been replaced by a (4,4,5,5,5-pentafluoropentyl)sulfinyl group. An estrogen receptor antagonist, it is used in the treatment of breast cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an estrogen receptor antagonist and an estrogen antagonist. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an organofluorine compound and a sulfoxide. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. it is a synthetic estrogen receptor antagonist. Unlike tamoxifen (which has partial agonist effects) and the aromatase inhibitors (which reduce the estrogen available to tumor cells), it binds competitively to estrogen receptors in breast cancer cells, resulting in estrogen receptor deformation and decreased estrogen binding. In vitro studies indicate that it reversibly inhibits the growth of tamoxifen-resistant, estrogen-sensitive, human breast cancer cell lines. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is 1,4-benzoquinone in which all four hydrogens are substituted by methyl groups. 
it is a beta-D-galactopyranoside having a methyl substituent at the anomeric position. It is a beta-D-galactoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a methyl D-galactoside. 
it is an aldonolactone obtained by formal oxidation of the anomeric position of any aldopyranose. It is an aldonolactone and a delta-lactone. 
it is a heptenone that is hept-5-en-2-one substituted by a methyl group at position 6. It is a volatile oil component of citronella oil, lemon-grass oil and palmarosa oil. It has a role as an alarm pheromone, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and a heptenone. 
it is a benzoic acid carrying a 4-trifluoromethyl substituent. It is a member of benzoic acids and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it, also known as 2-(mercaptomethyl)heptane or 2-ethylhexylmercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
3, 7-Dimethyloctanal, also known as 6, 7-dihydrocitronellal or tetrahydrocitral, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. 3, 7-Dimethyloctanal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 7-dimethyloctanal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 3, 7-Dimethyloctanal has an aldehydic, citrus, and green taste. 
it is a new and relatively unique antibiotic used for treatment of community acquired pneumonia. it has not been linked to an increased rate of transient serum liver test abnormalities during treatment or to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a tripeptide composed of two L-alanine units and a glycine joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine and a glycine. 
, also known as navan or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a slightly rose, sweet, and fruity taste. 
Etoposide and it are semisynthetic analogues of podophyllotoxin that are used as antineoplastic agents in the therapy of several forms of solid tumors, leukemia and lymphoma, usually in combination with other agents. Both etoposide and it are associated with an appreciable rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and high doses have been implicated in causing clinically apparent acute liver injury including sinusoidal obstruction syndrome. Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. Teniposide forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is a triacyl-sn-glycerol in which the which the acyl groups at position 1 is specified as hexadecanoyl, while those at positions 2 and 3 are specified as octadecanoyl It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. 
Cefprozil, also known as cefzil or arzimol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cephalosporins. Cephalosporins are compounds containing a 1, 2-thiazine fused to a 2-azetidinone to for a oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4. 2. 0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid moiety or a derivative thereof. Cefprozil is a drug which is used for the treatment of the following infections (respiratory, skin, soft tissue, uti, ent) caused by; s. pneumoniae, h. influenzae, staphylococci, s. pyogenes (group a beta-hemolytic streptococci), e. coli, p. mirabilis, klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staph. Cefprozil exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Cefprozil has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, cefprozil is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a hydrochloride salt prepared from anileridine and two molar equivalents of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor. It contains a 1-(5-isoquinolinesulfonyl)-2-methylpiperazine(2+). 
Trans-cis-nepetalactone is a cyclopentapyran that is (4aS,7aS)-1,4a,5,6,7,7a-hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyran substituted at position 1 by an oxo group and at positions 4 and 7 by methyl groups, respectively (the 4aS,7S,7aS-diastereomer). An iridoid monoterpenoid isolated from several Nepeta plant species. It exhibits potent repellant activity against house dust mites and mosquitoes. It has a role as an insect repellent, a plant metabolite, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. It is an iridoid monoterpenoid and a cyclopentapyran. 
it is a prostaglandin D2 receptor (DP1) antagonist with niacin-induced vasodilation inhibiting activity. it binds to and inhibits the activity of DP1, a G-protein coupled receptor. Via competing with prostaglandin D2 (PG D2) for binding to DP1, this agent prevents PG D2-induced vasodilation and increased blood flow. As niacin induces the synthesis of PG D2, predominantly in the skin, administration of it may prevent niacin-induced vasodilation in the skin and facial flushing. 
1-(5-hydroxyhexyl)-3,7-dimethyl-3,7-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6-dione is a dimethylxanthine that is 3,7-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6-dione which is substituted at positions 1,3 and 7 by a 5-hydroxyhexyl group, methyl group and methyl group, respectively. It is a secondary alcohol and a dimethylxanthine. 
it(1-) is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of D-glutamic acid, having anionic carboxy groups and a cationic amino group It is a conjugate base of a D-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a L-glutamate(1-). 
it is the bis(carbamate ester) of 2-phenylpropane-1,3-diol. An anticonvulsant, it is used in the treatment of epilepsy. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a neuroprotective agent. it is a propanediol compound with anticonvulsant and antiepileptic properties. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, it may be an antagonist at the strychnine-insensitive glycine-recognition site of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor-ionophore complex, thereby blocking the effects of the excitatory amino acids, suppressing neuronal firing, and preventing seizure activity. it also has weak inhibitory effects on gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor binding sites which may contribute to its inhibitory effect on neuronal excitatory. 
Arginyl-leucine, also known as it or arg-leu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Arginyl-leucine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Arginyl-leucine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is one of the major components of the gentamicin complex. it has a methyl group at the 6' position of the 2-amino-hexose ring, along with a free amine. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid consisting of 5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthalen-1-ol having two methyl substituents at the 3- and 8-positions, an isopropyl substituent at the 5-position and (+)-(5R,8S)-configuration. It is a sesquiterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of a cadinane. 
it is a carboxyalkanesulfonic acid that is the C-sulfo derivative of propanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. 
it appears as a white to greenish colored crystalline solid. Toxic by ingestion and a skin and eye irritant. May emit toxic aniline and chloride fumes under exposure to high temperatures or flame. Used to make dyes and printing ink. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is shikimic acid in which the allylic hydroxy group has been oxidised to the corresponding keto group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a 5-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a shikimic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a quinolone, a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a N-arylpiperazine, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that inhibits bacterial DNA gyrase, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and transcription. it was withdrawn from the U.S. market due to a high incidence of phototoxicity. 
it is a 1,2-benzoxazole compound having a sulfamoylmethyl substituent at the 3-position. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an antioxidant, a central nervous system drug and a protective agent. It is a member of 1,2-benzoxazoles and a sulfonamide. it is a sulfonamide derivative with an anticonvulsant property. The exact mechanism of action remains to be elucidated. it appears to block sodium and calcium channels, thereby stabilizing neuronal membranes and suppressing neuronal hyper-synchronization. Although it shows affinity for the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)/benzodiazepine receptor ionophore complex, it does not potentiate the synaptic activity of GABA. In addition, this agent also facilitates both dopaminergic and serotonergic neurotransmission. 
it is a water-soluble, synthetic small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits aurora kinases (AKs), a family of serine-threonine kinases which are important regulators of cell division and proliferation, and which are overexpressed in certain types of cancer. Inhibition of aurora kinases inhibits cell division and proliferation and induces apoptosis in tumor cells overexpressing AKs. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an acetate salt obtained by combining the nonapeptide leuprolide with acetic acid. A long lasting GnRH analog, LH-Rh agonist. It is a synthetic nonapeptide analogue of gonadotropin-releasing hormone, and is used as a subcutaneous hydrogel implant for the treatment of prostate cancer and for the suppression of gonadal sex hormone production in children with central precocious puberty. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist. It contains a leuprolide. it is the acetate salt of a synthetic nonapeptide analogue of gonadotropin-releasing hormone. Leuprolide binds to and activates gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors. Continuous, prolonged administration of leuprolide in males results in pituitary GnRH receptor desensitization and inhibition of pituitary secretion of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), leading to a significant decline in testosterone production; in females, prolonged administration results in a decrease in estradiol production. This agent reduces testosterone production to castration levels and may inhibit androgen receptor-positive tumor progression. 
An opioid analgesic structurally related to METHADONE and used in the treatment of severe pain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1070) 
it, also known as 2-isopropyl-5-methyl-pyrazine or fema 3554, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a coffee, earthy, and green tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as potato, coffee and coffee products, root vegetables, and cocoa and cocoa products. This makes 2-methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the mesylate salt form of dezaguanine, a purine nucleoside analogue with antineoplastic and antiviral activities. By competing with guanine, dezaguanine gets incorporated into DNA and inhibits DNA synthesis, thereby inducing cell death. 
it is a synthetic hydrogenated derivative of diethylstilbestrol (DES). it exhibits strong affinity for estrogen receptors that are overexpressed in some types of cancers. When conjugated with a neoplastic drug, it may selectively concentrate the cytotoxic agent in estrogen receptor-rich tumors. This agent may also be mutagenic. (NCI04) 
it is the fatty acid methyl ester of isobutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isobutyric acid. 
it is a white to yellow crystalline solid. Density 2.651 g / cm3. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. 
it is a cholinergic analogue with glandular secretion stimulatory activity. Cevimeline binds to and activates muscarinic receptors, thereby increasing the secretions in exocrine salivary and sweat glands. This cholinergic agonist also increases the tone of smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts. Cevimeline is being studied as a treatment for dry mouth caused by radiation therapy to the head and neck. 
it is a synthetic diphenyl propionate derivative structurally related to methadone, it acts as a central narcotic and analgesic agent by interaction with mu opioid receptors, but with less selectivity then morphine. The dextro-isomer has analgesic effect, while the levo-isomer exerts an antitussive effect. The napsylate salt allows better dosage formulation than the hydrochloride salt. (NCI04) 
it is the acetate salt of a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. Lanreotide binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, lanreotide has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or Autogel formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. 
it is an alkaloid isolated from the marine dinoflagellates and cyanobacteria that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning. It has a role as a neurotoxin, a toxin, a sodium channel blocker and a marine metabolite. It is a carbamate ester, a member of guanidines, an alkaloid, a pyrrolopurine and a ketone hydrate. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane which is substituted at the 1-pro-S, 3-pro-S, and 4-pro-R positions by thymin-1-yl, hydroxy, and hydroxymethyl groups, respectively. It is a pyrimidone, a carbobicyclic compound, a C-glycosyl pyrimidine, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a thymine. 
it appears as white crystals or crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyrimidinemonocarboxylic acid that is uracil bearing a carboxy substituent at position C-6. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a uracil. It is a conjugate acid of an orotate. 
A quaternary skeletal muscle relaxant usually used in the form of its bromide, chloride, or iodide. It is a depolarizing relaxant, acting in about 30 seconds and with a duration of effect averaging three to five minutes. Succinylcholine is used in surgical, anesthetic, and other procedures in which a brief period of muscle relaxation is called for. 
it is an N-acyl-L-arginine resulting from the formal condensation of the alpha-amino group of L-arginine with one of the carboxy groups of succinic acid It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N(2)-(3-carboxylatopropionyl)-L-arginine(1-). 
it appears as colorless crystals or white powder or solid. Has no odor. pH (of 5% solution): 4-5.5. Slightly efflorescent in dry air. Bitter, acrid taste. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrobromide salt form of scopolamine, a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it is a maleate ester resulting from the formal condensation of both carboxy groups of maleic acid with methanol. It is commonly used as a dienophile for Diels-Alder-type cycloaddition reactions in organic synthesis. It is a maleate ester, a diester and a methyl ester. It derives from a methanol. 
1-Deoxynojirimycin, also known as it or moranoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidines. Piperidines are compounds containing a piperidine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member ring with one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. 1-Deoxynojirimycin exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-deoxynojirimycin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-deoxynojirimycin can be found in fruits. This makes 1-deoxynojirimycin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a cinnamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of trans-ferulic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of L-tartaric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a ferulic acid and a L-tartaric acid. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,3S)-it. 
it is a bifunctional hexitol derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and cross-links DNA via an epoxide group during all phases of the cell cycle, resulting in disruption of DNA function and cell cycle arrest. (NCI04) 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome. Studies showed that it treatment resulted in significant positive changes on lipoproteins and inflammation. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pterocarpans. These are benzo-pyrano-furano-benzene compounds, containing the 6H-[1]benzofuro[3, 2-c]chromene skeleton. They are derivatives of isoflavonoids. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in green vegetables. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion obtained from the transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group of L-dopa. Major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is an enantiomer of a D-dopa zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a L-dopa. 
it is a radioconjugate consisting of the tyrosine-containing somatostatin analog Tyr3-octreotate (TATE) conjugated with the bifunctional, macrocyclic chelating agent tetra-azacyclododecanetetra-acetic acid (DOTA) and radiolabeled with the beta-emitting radioisotope lutetium Lu 177, with potential imaging and antineoplastic activities. Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTRs), with high affinity to type 2 SSTR, present on the cell membranes of many types of neuroendocrine tumor (NET) cells. Upon binding and internalization, this radioconjugate specifically delivers a cytotoxic dose of beta radiation to SSTR-positive cells. Tyr3-octreotate (TATE) is an octreotide derivative in which phenylalanine at position 3 is substituted by tyrosine and position 8 threoninol is replaced with threonine. SSTRs have been shown to be present in large numbers on NET and their metastases, while most other normal tissues express low levels of SSTRs. 
S-Formylglutathionate(1-) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. S-Formylglutathionate(1-) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as difurocoumarolactones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a delta-valerolactone ring fused to the coumarin moiety of the difurocoumarin skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it g is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is formally rated as a carcinogen (by IARC 1) and is also a potentially toxic compound. 
(6S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolate(2-) is dianion of (6S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolic acid arising from deprotonation of both carboxylic acid functions. It has a role as a human metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a (6S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolic acid. 
Piperacillin is a broad-spectrum semisynthetic, ampicillin-derived ureidopenicillin antibiotic. Piperacillin binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBP), the enzymes that catalyze the synthesis of peptidoglycan, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. This blockade leads to the interruption of cell wall synthesis, consequently, leading to bacterial cell growth inhibition and cell lysis. 
it is a 20-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 26-hydroxy steroid, a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid and a phytoecdysteroid. 
it is a pyridazinone that is pyridazin-3(2H)-one substituted by an amino group at position 5, a chloro group at position 4 and a methyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the herbicide chloridazone.jfuyklriltoil It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a pyridazinone, a primary arylamine and an organochlorine compound. 
C.i. it is a dark green powder. A dye derived from triphenylmethane. Rosanilin is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride of 4-[(4-aminophenyl)(4-iminocyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene)methyl]-2-methylaniline. One of the major constituents of Basic it, together with pararosanilin, magenta II and new it. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye and a carcinogenic agent. It contains a rosanilin(1+). 
it is an odorless colorless to white waxy solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the sodium salt of docusate, a dioctyl salt and an emollient laxative with stool-softening activity. Docusate decreases surface tension and emulsification of fecal matter and allows water to penetrate and mix with stool. As a result, it softens the stool. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Cefixime is a broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived semisynthetically from the marine fungus Cephalosporium acremonium with antibacterial activity. As does penicillin, the beta-lactam antibiotic cefixime inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by disrupting peptidoglycan synthesis, resulting in a reduction in bacterial cell wall stability and bacterial cell lysis. Stable in the presence of a variety of beta-lactamases, this agent is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria compared to second-generation cephalosporins. 
3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione, also known as fema 3269 or caramel, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 5-dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is a sweet, caramel, and maple tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 3, 5-dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Used to make nylon, as a solvent, paint remover, and to make other chemicals. Flash point -4°F. Density 6.5 lb / gal (less than water) and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is an alicyclic hydrocarbon comprising a ring of six carbon atoms; the cyclic form of hexane, used as a raw material in the manufacture of nylon. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. It is a cycloalkane and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a DEA Schedule V controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule V have a low potential for abuse relative to substances listed in Schedule IV and consist primarily of preparations containing limited quantities of certain narcotics. 
it is a C14, long-chain fatty acid carrying an oxo- group at position 3. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a 3-oxo fatty acid. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 
Norcisapride belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminobenzamides. These are organic compounds containing a benzamide moiety with an amine group attached to the benzene ring. Norcisapride is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Norcisapride has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, norcisapride is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a UDP-N-acetyl-D-mannosaminouronate in which the anomeric centre of the pyranose fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-mannosaminouronate(3-). 
it is a tertiary amino compound that is N,N-dimethylethanamine substituted at position 1 by a 1-hydroxycyclohexyl and 4-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a metabolite of the drug venlafaxine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite, a drug metabolite and an antidepressant. It is a member of cyclohexanols, a member of phenols and a tertiary amino compound. it is a synthetic phenethylamine bicyclic derivative with antidepressant activity. it is a selective reuptake inhibitor of serotonin and norepinephrine due to its high binding affinities to the pre-synaptic serotonin and norepinephrine transporters. By blocking both transporters, this agent prolongs neurotransmitter activities of both serotonin and norepinephrine, thereby alleviating depressive state. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one of the nitrogens has been replaced by an (o-carboxybenzyl)sulfonyl group, while a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen has been replaced by a 4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl group. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used (particularly as its methyl ester, it-methyl) as a herbicide for the control of a variety of both annual and perennial weeds in crops, particularly wheat and rice. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is a N-sulfonylurea, an aromatic ether, a member of pyrimidines and a member of benzoic acids. 
Selenomethionine se-oxide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). Selenomethionine se-oxide is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Triethylene glycol methyl ether is a colorless odorless liquid. (USCG, 1999) it is a hydroxypolyether that is the monomethyl ether derivative of triethylene glycol. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a triethylene glycol. 
Aloinoside b belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthracenes. These are organic compounds containing a system of three linearly fused benzene rings. Aloinoside b exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, aloinoside b is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a pyranone that is 2H-pyran-2-one in which the hydrogens at positions 4 and 6 are substituted by hydroxy and 2-oxoheptyl groups respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a polyketide and a member of 2-pyranones. 
it appears as odorless pale yellow needles or yellow powder. pH (saturated aqueous solution) 6.0 - 6.5. Alkaline solutions are dark orange. (NTP, 1992) it is a semicarbazone resulting from the formal condensation of semicarbazide with 5-itdehyde. A broad spectrum antibacterial drug, although with little activity against Pseudomonas species, it is used as a local application for burns, ulcers, wounds and skin infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a semicarbazone and a nitrofuran antibiotic. 
Trimethylcolchicinic Acid is a colchicine analog with potential antineoplastic activity. Trimethylcolchicinic acid binds to tubulin, inhibiting its polymerization into microtubules and preventing cell division. (NCI04) 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2S)-3-hydroxy-2-phenylpropanoic acid with the hydroxy group of (3-endo)-8-(4-butoxybenzyl)-3-hydroxy-8-methyl-8-azoniabicyclo[3.2.1]octane. Its bromide salt is used as an antispasmodic drug. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is an aromatic ether, a carboxylic ester, a quaternary ammonium ion and a bridged compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a myo-inositol bisphosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 1D-myo-inositol 3,4-biphosphate(4-). 
it is a glycol that is docosane bearing two hydroxy substituents located at positions 1 and 2. It derives from a hydride of a docosane. 
it is a tetrahydropyridine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydropyridine having a carboxy group at the 2-position. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a tetrahydropyridine. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-piperideine-6-carboxylate. It derives from a hydride of a 1-piperideine. 
it is the acid chloride of pentafluorobenzoic acid. It is a sensitive derivatising reagent for the analysis of amines, amides and phenols by electron capture gas chromatography. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It is an acyl chloride and a perfluorinated compound. It derives from a pentafluorobenzoic acid. 
it is an imidazobenzodiazepine that is midazolam in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is the major metabolite of the anesthetic, midazolam. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is an imidazobenzodiazepine, an organochlorine compound, a member of monofluorobenzenes and an aromatic primary alcohol. It derives from a midazolam. 
it is an organic polycyclic compound that is a cytotoxic fungal pigment isolated from the fruiting bodies of the ascomycete Shiraia bambusicola. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic polycyclic compound, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a methyl ketone, a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone and a tertiary alcohol. 
2, 2, 8-Trimethyldecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 2, 8-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 2, 8-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 2, 8-trimethyldecane can be found in fruits. This makes 2, 2, 8-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N-acetylphenylalanine is the N-acetyl derivative of phenylalanine. It has a role as an antidepressant and a metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-amino acid and a phenylalanine derivative. 
trans-3-Coumarate, also known as 3-hydroxycinnamate or m-coumarate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. trans-3-Coumarate is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Ibogaine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an organic cation that is phenothiazin-5-ium substituted by dimethylamino groups at positions 3 and 7 as well as a nitro group at position 4. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'methylene green'. 
it is a diterpenoid obtained by hydroxylation of one of the terminal methyl groups of geranylgeraniol. It is a diterpenoid, a glycol and a polyprenol. It derives from an (E,E,E)-geranylgeraniol. 
it is a secondary amino compound formally derived from ammonia by replacing two of the hydrogens by 2-(3-carbamoyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)-2-hydroxyethyl and 4-phenylbutan-2-yl groups. It is an adrenergic antagonist used to treat high blood pressure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a sympatholytic agent, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist and a beta-adrenergic antagonist. It is a member of benzamides and a secondary amino compound. it is a third generation selective alpha-1-adrenergic antagonist and non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with vasodilatory and antihypertensive properties. it competitively binds to alpha-1-adrenergic receptors in vascular smooth muscle, thereby inhibiting the adrenergic stimulation of endothelial cell function and vasoconstriction in peripheral blood vessels. This agent also binds to beta-receptors in the bronchial and vascular smooth muscle, resulting in a decrease in adrenergic stimulation. The result is a decrease in resting and exercise heart rates, cardiac output, and in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, thereby resulting in vasodilation, and negative chronotropic and inotropic cardiac effects. 
it is the phosphate ester of propanoic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a hopanoid that is hopan-3-one substituted by an epoxy group across positions 17 and 21. It has been isolated from the bark of Cupania cinerea. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hopanoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an epoxide. 
it is a synthetic progestin commonly used alone or in combination with an estrogen for contraception. it suppresses the secretion of luteinizing and follicle-stimulating hormones (LH and FSH), thickens cervical mucus, and slows the transit of ova through the fallopian tubes. This agent also exhibits antiproliferative activity in endometrial tissue and may exhibit chemopreventive and antineoplastic activities in endometrial carcinoma. (NCI04) 
it appears as white to off-white powder or crystals. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyrazolone that is 2,4-dihydro-3H-pyrazol-3-one which is substituted at positions 2 and 5 by phenyl and methyl groups, respectively. It has a role as a radical scavenger and an antioxidant. 
it is a linear mannopentaose consisting of five D-mannose residues joined sequentially via two beta(1->2) and two alpha(1->2) linkages with alpha anomeric configuration at the reducing end. 
it is a monounsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of (2E)-hexenoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (2E)-hexenoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of acridines that is 9,10-dihydroacridine substituted by an oxo group at position 9. It is a member of acridines and a cyclic ketone. 
3',5'-cyclic IMP(1-) is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of 3',5'-cyclic IMP arising from deprotonation of the free phosphate OH group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3',5'-cyclic IMP. 
it is a nitrotyrosine comprising tyrosine having a nitro group at the 3-position on the phenyl ring. It is a nitrotyrosine, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a member of 2-nitrophenols and a C-nitro compound. 
Samarium Sm-153 Lexidronam Pentasodium is the pentasodium salt of samarium Sm 153 lexidronam, a therapeutic agent consisting of a medium energy beta- and gamma-emitting radioisotope, samarium Sm 153, and a teraphosphonate chelator, ethylenediaminetetramethylene phosphonic acid (EDTMP). The chelator moiety of samarium Sm 153 lexidronam associates with hydroxyapatite crystals concentrated in areas of bone turnover, thereby selectively delivering samarium Sm 153-mediated cytotoxic radiation to osteoblastic bone metastases. 
it is a member of pyridines and a tertiary amine. It has a role as a histamine antagonist, a cholinergic antagonist, a sedative, an antiemetic, a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent and an antitussive. it is a first generation ethanolamine with antiinflammatory, sedative and antihistamine properties. it competitively inhibits the histamine 1 (H1) receptor, thereby preventing the action of endogenous histamine as well as the subsequent release of pro-inflammatory mediators from basophils and mast cells. This agent acts as an inverse agonist that combines with, and stabilizes the inactive form of the H1-receptor, shifting the H1 receptor equilibrium toward the inactive state. This results in downregulation of nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) and NF-kappaB dependent antigen presentation, chemotaxis, as well as expression of cell-adhesion molecules and pro-inflammatory cytokines. 
it, also known as hexahydro-M-cresol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexanols. Cyclohexanols are compounds containing an alcohol group attached to a cyclohexane ring. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aminodiol that is octadecane bearing two hydroxy substituents at positions 1 and 3 as well as an amino substituent at position 2. It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. 
it is a scalarane sesterterpenoid lactone, a metabolite of marine sponges of the family Thorectidae (order dictyoceratida). It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is the mesylate salt of puquitinib, an orally available selective inhibitor of the delta form of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3-kinase subunit delta; PI3K-delta; PI3Kdelta), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, puquitinib selectively binds to the ATP-binding pocket of PI3K-delta and prevents the activation of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. This decreases proliferation of and induces cell death in PI3K-delta over-expressing tumor cells. PI3K-delta also plays a key role in the B-cell receptor (BCR) signaling pathway and the proliferation of certain hematologic cancer cells. The targeted inhibition of PI3K-delta is designed to preserve PI3K signaling in normal, non-neoplastic cells, thereby minimizing serious side effects. 
it is a yellowish aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of five fused rings formed by the incomplete burning of organic matter. it is primarily found in gasoline exhaust, petroleum refinery incinerator emissions, coal combustion emissions, cigarette smoke and coal tar pitch. This substance is used only for research purposes. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a dipeptide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of 4-aminobenzoic acid with the amino group of L-glutamic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a dipeptide, a substituted aniline and a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(4-aminobenzoyl)-L-glutamate. 
it is a benzoate ester that is ethyl benzoate substituted by a dimethylamino group at position 4. It is a benzoate ester, a tertiary amino compound and an ethyl ester. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of dihydroorotic acid that is an intermediate in the metabolism of pyridine. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-dihydroorotate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-dihydroorotic acid. 
it is an oily yellow liquid. Freezing point 5°C. Insoluble in water. Soluble in ethanol. Unstable relative to the trans isomer, which is a solid with a melting point of 122-124°C. 
A C19 norditerpenoid alkaloid (DITERPENES) from the root of ACONITUM; DELPHINIUM and larkspurs. It activates VOLTAGE-GATED SODIUM CHANNELS. It has been used to induce ARRHYTHMIAS in experimental animals and it has anti-inflammatory and anti-neuralgic properties. 
Gramcidin D is a heterogeneous mixture of three antibiotic compounds, gramicidins A, B and C, making up 80%, 6%, and 14% respectively all of which are obtained from the soil bacterial species Bacillus brevis and called collectively it. Gramcidins are 15 residue peptides with alternating D and L amino acids, which assemble inside of the hydrophobic interior of the cellular lipid bilayer to form a β-helix. Active against most Gram-positive bacteria and some Gram-negative organisms, it is used primarily as a topical antibiotic and is also found in Polysporin ophthalmic solution. 
1,5,9-cyclododecatriene appears as a colorless liquid. Toxic by skin absorption and ingestion and irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a fumiquinazoline obtained by oxidative spirocyclisation of fumiquinazoline A. It is a fumiquinazoline, an imidazoindole, an oxaspiro compound, an azaspiro compound and an organic heteroheptacyclic compound. 
it is a member of the class of biopterins that consists of pterin bearing amino, oxo and 1,2-dihydroxypropyl substituents at positions 2, 4 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
A spiro-diketo-piperazine; a potent noncompetitive allosteric antagonist of the CCR5 receptor with concomitantly potent antiviral effects for HIV-1. it is a C-C Chemokine Receptor Type 5 (CCR5) antagonist with activity against HIV-1. it inhibits HIV-1 entry via CCR5 coreceptor interaction. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the 1- and 6-amino groups of hexane-1,2,6-triamine with the carboxy groups from two molecules of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid followed by reduction of the amide carbonyl at position 5 to a hydroxy group. It has a role as a siderophore and a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of catechols and a member of benzamides. It derives from a 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid. 
it, also known as epi-cubenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cubenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, cubenol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes cubenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 9H-beta-carboline substituted by a butyl group at position 9, methoxy group at position 7 and a methyl group at position 1. It is semisynthetic derivative of harmine and has been shown to exhibit significant anti-HIV activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV agent. It is an aromatic ether, a member of beta-carbolines and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from a harmine. 
it is pyrrolidine in which the pro-S hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a carboxylic acid group. it is the only one of the twenty DNA-encoded amino acids which has a secondary amino group alpha to the carboxyl group. It is an essential component of collagen and is important for proper functioning of joints and tendons. It also helps maintain and strengthen heart muscles. It has a role as a micronutrient, a nutraceutical, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a member of compatible osmolytes. It is a glutamine family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-prolinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-prolinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a cyclic, nonessential amino acid (actually, an imino acid) in humans (synthesized from glutamic acid and other amino acids), it is a constituent of many proteins. Found in high concentrations in collagen, it constitutes almost a third of the residues. Collagen is the main supportive protein of skin, tendons, bones, and connective tissue and promotes their health and healing. (NCI04) 
it is a cyclic hydrocarbon that consists of two cyclopentane rings connected via a C=C bond between the methylene groups. It is a member of its and a cyclic hydrocarbon. 
it is a hydroxychrysene that is chrysene in which the hydrogen at position 6 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a substituted aniline that is 2,4-dibromoaniline which is substituted at position 6 by a [cyclohexyl(methyl)amino]methyl group. It is used (as the monohydrochloride salt) as a mucolytic for the treatment of respiratory disorders associated with productive cough (i.e. a cough characterised by the production of sputum). It has a role as a mucolytic. It is a substituted aniline, a tertiary amino compound and an organobromine compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a nucleoside pentaphosphate that is adenosine in which a hexahydrogen pentaphosphate is attached at the 5' position. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a nucleoside pentaphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an it(6-). 
it is an N-acylglycine resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of glycine with the carboxy group of 4-hydroxy-1-methyl-7-phenoxyisoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid. It is an inhibitor of hypoxia inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase (HIF-PH). It has a role as an EC 1.14.11.2 (procollagen-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.11.29 (hypoxia-inducible factor-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor. It is a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether and a N-acylglycine. it is an orally bioavailable, hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor (HIF-PHI), with potential anti-anemic activity. Upon administration, roxadustat binds to and inhibits HIF-PHI, an enzyme responsible for the degradation of transcription factors in the HIF family under normal oxygen conditions. This prevents HIF breakdown and promotes HIF activity. Increased HIF activity leads to an increase in endogenous erythropoietin production, thereby enhancing erythropoiesis. It also reduces the expression of the peptide hormone hepcidin, improves iron availability, and boosts hemoglobin (Hb) levels. HIF regulates the expression of genes in response to reduced oxygen levels, including genes required for erythropoiesis and iron metabolism. 
it is a pyrrolizine alkaloid obtained from senecionine by formal addition of hydrogen peroxide across the ethylidene double bond. It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a triol and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a senecionine. 
The quinoline-3-carboxamide anti-angiogenic agent, it, enhances the anti-prostate cancer efficacy of androgen ablation and taxotere without effecting serum PSA directly in human xenografts it is a quinoline-3-carboxamide linomide analogue with antiangiogenic and potential antineoplastic activities. it has been shown to decrease blood vessel density but the exact mechanism of action is not known. This agent has also been shown to augment the antineoplastic effects of docetaxel and androgen ablation in a murine model of prostate cancer involving human prostate cancer xenografts. 
it, also known as 4-(3-pyridyl)-butanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a heptadecenoic acid having its double bond in the 10-position. It is a conjugate acid of a 10-heptadecenoate. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone having phenyl and chloro substituents at positions 5 and 7 respectively; it has anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, muscle relaxant and sedative properties but is used primarily in the treatment of anxiety. It has a role as a GABA modulator, an anxiolytic drug, an anticonvulsant, a sedative and a human metabolite. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an organochlorine compound. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the nonstructural protein 3 (NS3), with potential activity against hepatitis C virus (HCV). Upon administration, it binds to the active center of the HCV NS3 and prevents NS3 protease-mediated polyprotein maturation. This disrupts the processing of viral proteins required for HCV replication. NS3, a serine protease, is essential for the proteolytic cleavages within the HCV polyprotein and plays a key role during HCV viral RNA replication. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxybenzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is a sphingoid obtained by formal hydrogenation of the C=C bond of hexadecasphingosine. It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. It derives from a hexadecasphing-4-enine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is amiloride in which the two amino hydrogens at position N-5 are replaced by a hexamethylene moiety, resulting in the formation of an azepane ring. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and an odorant receptor antagonist. It is a member of pyrazines, an organochlorine compound, a member of azepanes, a member of guanidines, an aromatic amine and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an amiloride. 
Lead iodide appears as a yellow crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Primary hazard is threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used in printing and photography, to seed clouds and other uses. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fruity and rum taste. 
it is a pentadienoic acid with the double bonds at positions 2 and 4. It is a pentadienoic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a penta-2,4-dienoate. 
it ((18)F) is a member of the class of stilbenoids in which the para-hydrogens of stilbene are replaced by methylamino and 2-{2-[2-((18)F)fluoroethoxy]ethoxy}ethoxy) groups. A positron emission tomography imaging ligand for the detection of amyloid aggregation associated with Alzheimer disease. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. It is a stilbenoid, a substituted aniline, a secondary amino compound, a (18)F radiopharmaceutical, a polyether and an aromatic ether. it is a stilbene derivative labeled with the positron-emitting isotope fluorine F 18, that may be used for positron emission tomography (PET) detection of beta-amyloid neuritic plaques and other amyloid protein deposits. Upon administration, F 18-florbetaben exhibits differential retention in regions that contain certain amyloid deposits. Differences in signal intensity between tissues showing specific and non-specific uptake of F 18-florbetaben allows for the detection of amyloid neuritic plaques in patients being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease, and potentially the detection of amyloid deposits in amyloidosis. 
2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate, also known as benzyl dimethyl carbinyl acetate or 1, 1-dimethyl-2-phenylethyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate has a sweet, berry, and floral taste. 
it is a bisphenol that is bisphenol A condensed with two molecules of methacrylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a bisphenol and an enoate ester. It derives from a bisphenol A and a methacrylic acid. 
(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z)-it is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that consists of 4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z-docosahexaenoic acid bearing an additional 17-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It derives from an all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z)-17-hydroxydocosahexaenoate. 
it is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-iminopiperazine and a member of rifamycins. It has a role as an antitubercular agent and a leprostatic drug. it is a long-acting, cyclopentyl-substituted derivative of rifamycin used to treat mycobacterium infections. 
it is a member of anthracenes. It derives from an anthralin. Chrysarobin is an extract of Goa powder; a complex mixture of reduction products of chrysophanic acid, emodin, and emodin monomethyl ether; used locally in ringworm, psoriasis, and eczema. 
Adriamycin hydrochloride appears as orange-red thin needles. Aqueous solutions yellow-orange at acid pHs, orange-red at neutral pHs, and violet blue over pH 9. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt of the 4'-epi-isomer of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. Epirubicin intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also produces toxic free-radical intermediates and interacts with cell membrane lipids causing lipid peroxidation. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00499967 (Safety and Effectiveness Study of an Experimental Topical Ointment (it) for the Treatment of Genital Warts). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Boiling point 46.6°C. Flash point below 0°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Irritant and narcotic. 
1,2-di-[(9Z,12Z)-octadecadienoyl]-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a 1,2-di-octadecadienoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the double bonds in each fatty acyl group are at positions 9 and 12 and have Z configuration. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
it is an agent derived from acetohydroxamic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits ribonuclease reductase, resulting in decreased DNA synthesis and tumor growth; it also inhibits acetylcholinesterase. In vivo, it contributes to the formation of the neurotoxin methyl isocyanate; this effect, along with the agent's acetylcholinesterase activity, may be responsible for the severe central nervous system toxicity observed in clinical trials. (NCI04) 
it is a tetrasaccharide derivative consisting of a dideoxy-4-{[4,5,6-trihydroxy-3-(hydroxymethyl)cyclohex-2-en-1-yl C7 cyclitol moiety [called valienol (or valienamine)] linked via nitrogen to isomaltotriose. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, an EC 3.2.1.1 (alpha-amylase) inhibitor and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a conjugate base of an acarbose(1+). it is a pseudotetrasaccharide and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase with antihyperglycemic activity. it binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, acarbose inhibits pancreatic alpha-amylase which hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the small intestines. 
4-(2-hydroxy-5-methylphenylazo)acetanilide is an azo dye with a structure consisting of acetanilide substituted on the 4-position of the phenyl group with a 6-hydroxy-m-tolylazo group. It has a role as a dye and an allergen. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from an azobenzene. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 5,6-dimethyl-9-oxoxanthen-4-yl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of xanthones and a monocarboxylic acid. it is a fused tricyclic analogue of flavone acetic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. it induces the cytokines tumor necrosis alpha (TNF-alpha), serotonin and nitric oxide, resulting in hemorrhagic necrosis and a decrease in angiogenesis. This agent also stimulates the anti-tumor activity of tumor-associated macrophages. 
it is a colorless liquid with a strong acid odor. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a synthetic, colorless to light yellow liquid that is soluble in polar organic solvents and only slightly soluble in water. it is used as both a chemical intermediate and cross-linking agent in the production of polymers. it is flammable and, when heated to decomposition, emits toxic fumes of hydrogen chloride. Exposure of humans to it vapor causes irritation of the eyes and throat. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a primary ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 3-phenylpropylamine, obtained from the protonation of the primary amino group. Major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phenylpropylamine. 
it is eHNA of absolute configuration 2R,3S. Selective inhibitor of cGMP-stimulated phosphodiesterase (PDE2) (IC50 = 0.8 - 4 mM). Also a potent inhibitor of adenosine deaminase. It has a role as an EC 3.5.4.4 (adenosine deaminase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (2S,3R)-EHNA. 
Hexadecanoylcholine is an acylcholine obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of choline. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyanthraquinones that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and a methyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a sulfone and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent and an antimicrobial agent. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid that is dotriacontane in which one of the methyl groups has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and an ultra-long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dotriacontanoate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Melanoma, Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Breast Cancer, and Ovarian Cancer, among others. it is an acyl-sulfonamide with potential antineoplastic activity. Selectively toxic towards tumor cells, it appears to induce tumor cell apoptosis by a mitochondrial-targeted mechanism involving the loss of mitochondrial membrane potential and induction of reactive oxygen species (ROS). In combination with an angiogenesis inhibitor, this agent may exhibit synergistic antiangiogenic activity. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of ramosetron, a selective serotonin (5-HT) receptor antagonist with potential antiemetic activity. Upon administration, ramosetron selectively binds to and blocks the activity of 5-HT subtype 3 (5-HT3) receptors located in the vagus nerve terminal and in the vomiting center in the central nervous system (CNS), suppressing chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that consists of (2S)-2,3-dihydro-2'H,4H-2,5'-bichromen-4-one skeleton substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 8', a methyl group at position 2', a prenyl group at position 6 and a 4-methylpent-3-enyl group at position 2'. Isolated from Macaranga tanarius, it exhibits alleopathic effect. It has a role as an allelochemical and a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. 
it is an acene that consists of six ortho-fused benzene rings in a rectilinear arrangement. It is an acene and a member of its. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Noncombustible, but accelerates burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in fire or the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced in fires. 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by a sec-butyl group. It is a dioxolane and a cyclic acetal. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
it is a white crystalline powder and is odorless. This material is used as a reagent for ketones and certain metals, for photography and as a rodenticide. It is also effective for control of bacterial leaf blight of rice. Not a registered pesticide in the U.S. It is a chemical intermediate for herbicides and a reagent for detection of metals. (EPA, 1998) 
Norsertraline, also known as dasotraline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetralins. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a tetralin moiety, which consists of a benzene fused to a cyclohexane. Norsertraline is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Norsertraline has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, norsertraline is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a phenol that is a natural monoterpene derivative of cymene. An inhibitor of bacterial growth, it is used as a food additive. Potent activator of the human ion channels transient receptor potential V3 (TRPV3) and A1 (TRPA1). It has a role as a volatile oil component, a flavouring agent, an antimicrobial agent, an agrochemical and a TRPA1 channel agonist. It is a member of phenols, a p-menthane monoterpenoid and a botanical anti-fungal agent. It derives from a hydride of a p-cymene. 
1-(2-Furanyl)-1-pentanone, also known as it or 2-valeroylfuran, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1-pentanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(2-furanyl)-1-pentanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1-pentanone has a sweet and caramel taste. 
it is a white odorless solid. Sinks and dissolves in water. (USCG, 1999) it is an inorganic sulfate salt obtained by reaction of sulfuric acid with two equivalents of ammonia. A high-melting (decomposes above 280℃) white solid which is very soluble in water (70.6 g/100 g water at 0℃; 103.8 g/100 g water at 100℃), it is widely used as a fertilizer for alkaline soils. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is an ammonium salt and an inorganic sulfate salt. 
it is a thioamide derivative with antitubercular activity. it forms a covalent adduct with bacterial nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), PTH-NAD, which competitively inhibits 2-trans-enoyl-ACP reductase (inhA), an enzyme essential for mycolic acid synthesis. This results in increased cell wall permeability and decreased resistance against cell injury eventually leading to cell lysis. Mycolic acids, long-chain fatty acids, are essential mycobacterial cell wall components and play a key role in resistance to cell injury and mycobacterial virulence. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, ite is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Monoit appears as white or off-white crystalline powder with a slight peptone-like odor. pH (0.2% solution)7.0. (NTP, 1992) Monoit is an optically active form of monoit having L-configuration. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It contains a L-glutamate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a monosodium D-glutamate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a quinazoline derivative with antineoplastic properties. Competing with adenosine triphosphate, erlotinib reversibly binds to the intracellular catalytic domain of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase, thereby reversibly inhibiting EGFR phosphorylation and blocking the signal transduction events and tumorigenic effects associated with EGFR activation. 
it is an optically active form of O-butanoylcarnitine having L-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an O-butanoylcarnitine and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-ornithine with the amino group of D-aspartic acid. It is a constituent of bacterial peptidoglycan type A4beta. It derives from a L-ornithine and a D-aspartic acid. 
it is a lactam that is 2,3-dihydro-1,5-benzothiazepin-4(5H)-one in which positions 2 and 3 are substituted by 4-methoxyphenyl and acetoxy, respectively, while the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 2-(dimethylamino)ethyl group. It is a lactam, a benzothiazepine, a tertiary amino compound, an acetate ester and an aromatic ether. 
it appears as a clear light colored liquid. Nearly odorless. Denser than water. Poses low acute health hazard to humans. Primary hazard is to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrates the soil to contaminate groundwater and nearby waterways. it is a one-carbon compound that is methane in which the hydrogens have been replaced by three chlorine and one fluorine atom. It has a role as a refrigerant and an environmental contaminant. It is a halomethane and a chlorofluorocarbon. 
Na, na-dimethylhistamine, also known as hippospongine?, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aralkylamines. These are alkylamines in which the alkyl group is substituted at one carbon atom by an aromatic hydrocarbyl group. Na, na-dimethylhistamine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, na, na-dimethylhistamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, na, na-dimethylhistamine can be found in mushrooms, pomes, and spinach. This makes na, na-dimethylhistamine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a clear colorless gas with a pungent odor. Flash point -58°F. Boiling point 54°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is the simplest and least toxic member of the class of its, that is ethane in which a single hydrogen is substituted by a chlorine. A colourless gas at room temperature and pressure (boiling point 12℃), it is used as a mild topical anaesthetic to numb the skin prior to ear piercing, skin biopsies, etc., and is also used in the treatment of sports injuries. It was formerly used in the production of tetraethyllead. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, an antipruritic drug and an inhalation anaesthetic. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is an alkane that is decane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 3, 5 and 8. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a decane. 
Plicamycin, which was formerly known as mithramycin, is an antibiotic that is used as an anticancer agent in the therapy of testicular and germ cell cancers. Plicamycin causes acute hepatic injury that arises within days of starting therapy, but is usually transient and asymptomatic and rarely leads to jaundice. Plicamycin has not been approved for use as cancer chemotherapy in the United States, but continues to be used on an investigational basis. Plicamycin is an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces plicatus with antineoplastic activity. Plicamycin, also known as mithramycin, binds to the minor groove of DNA at GC-rich sites, resulting in inhibition of RNA synthesis; this agent also inhibits mRNA expression, resulting in a reduction in protein synthesis. In addition, plicamycin may inhibit bone resorption by down regulating transcription of c-src, an oncogene involved in bone metabolism and resorption. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03904862 (Testing the Safety and Tolerability of it in Patients With Recurrent Medulloblastoma Who May or May Not Have Surgery). 
An antibiotic combination product of piperacillin and tazobactam, a penicillanic acid derivative with enhanced beta-lactamase inhibitory activity, that is used for the intravenous treatment of intra-abdominal, pelvic, and skin infections and for community-acquired pneumonia of moderate severity. It is also used for the treatment of PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA INFECTIONS. 
2, 3, 4, 5, 6-Pentachlorobenzyl alcohol, also known as 2, 3, 4, 5, 6-pentachlorobenzenemethanol, 9CI or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyl alcohols. These are organic compounds containing the phenylmethanol substructure. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6-Pentachlorobenzyl alcohol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6-pentachlorobenzyl alcohol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
A herbicide that contains equal parts of 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D) and 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4,5-T), as well as traces of the contaminant 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin. 
1, 1-Dimethylethyl heptanoic acid, also known as tert-butyl heptanoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 1, 1-Dimethylethyl heptanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1, 1-Dimethylethyl heptanoic acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and urine. Within the cell, 1, 1-dimethylethyl heptanoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it or ile-tyr, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a member of the class of thiadiazolidines that is 1,2,4-thiadiazolidine-3,5-dione which is substituted by a naphthalen-1-yl group at position 2 and by a benzyl group at position 4. It is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta (GSK3beta) and has neuroprotective effects. Currently under clinical investigation for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of naphthalenes, a member of benzenes and a thiadiazolidine. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone that is pinocembrin substituted by a prenyl group at position 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a pinocembrin. 
it is a cytidine phosphate compound having the phosphate group at the 2'-position. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 2'-monophosphate and a cytidine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a cytidine 2'-phosphate(2-). 
Glycyl-asparagine, also known as g-N dipeptide or gly-asn, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Glycyl-asparagine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Enfuvirtide is a synthetic 36-amino acid peptide consisting of N-acetyltyrosyl, threonyl, seryl, leucyl, isoleucyl, histidyl, seryl, leucyl, isoleucyl, alpha-glutamyl, alpha-glutamyl, seryl, glutaminyl, asparaginyl, glutaminyl, glutaminyl, alpha-glutamyl, lysyl, asparaginyl, alpha-glutamyl, alpha-glutamyl, alpha-glutamyl, leucyl, leucyl, alpha-glutamyl, leucyl, alpha-aspartyl, lysyl, tryptophyl, alanyl, seryl, leucyl, tryptophyl, asparaginyl, tryptophyl, and phenylalaninamide residues joined in sequence. An HIV fusion inhibitor, it was the first of a novel class of antiretroviral drugs used in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV-1 infection. It interferes with entry of HIV into cells by binding to the gp41 sub-unit of the viral envelope glycoprotein, so inhibiting fusion of viral and cellular membranes. It has a role as a HIV fusion inhibitor. 
it is an oral prostacyclin and a metabolite of arachidonic acid with antihypertensive and platelet inhibitory properties. it binds to prostacyclin receptors on platelet surfaces, subsequently activating platelet membrane adenyl cyclase and resulting in increased cAMP levels. The elevated cAMP triggers signal transduction that leads to vasodilations. In addition, this agent also functions as an antagonist of thromboxane A2, thereby resulting in direct vasodilation of pulmonary and systemic arterial vascular beds, and inhibition of platelet aggregation. 
Alpha-Solanine, also known as Α-solanine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Alpha-Solanine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Alpha-Solanine has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, Alpha-solanine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, Alpha-solanine can be found in alcoholic beverages, garden tomato (var. ), and potato. This makes Alpha-solanine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. Alpha-Solanine is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a 5-methoxyfurocoumarin that is psoralen substituted by a methoxy group at position 5. It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of psoralens, a 5-methoxyfurocoumarin and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It derives from a psoralen. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone compound having a methyl substituent at the 1-position, a hydroxy substituent at the 3-position, a 2-chlorophenyl group at the 5-position and a chloro substituent at the 7-position. It has a role as a sedative. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an organochlorine compound. 
A number of different cardioactive glycosides obtained from Strophanthus species. OUABAIN is from S. gratus and CYMARINE from S. kombe. They are used like the digitalis glycosides. 
it, also known as it or allylnitrile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitriles. Nitriles are compounds having the structure RC#N; thus C-substituted derivatives of hydrocyanic acid, HC#N. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear light colored liquid. Insoluble in water and slightly denser than water. Hence sinks in water. May be toxic by inhalation. it is a member of the class of chloroethanes that is ethane substituted by chloro groups at positions 1, 1 and 2. 
it is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid muscle relaxant which constitutes the active component of curare. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a muscle relaxant and a drug allergen. It derives from a hydride of a tubocuraran. it is the chloride salt form of it, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. it competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefpodoxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefpodoxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2, 4-triazolo[4, 3-a][1, 4]benzodiazepines. These are aromatic compounds containing a 1, 4-benzodiazepine fused to and sharing a nitrogen atom with a 1, 2, 4-triazole ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a triterpene that is docosahydropicene substituted by 8 methyl groups at positions 2, 2, 4a, 6a, 8a, 9, 12b and 14a. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a selenoamino acid that is L-selenomethionine in which the methyl group attached to the selenium is replaced by a 5'-adenosyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of adenosines and a selenoamino acid. It derives from a L-selenomethionine and an adenosine. 
it is a non-proteinognic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alanine in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by a 2-fluoro-4,5-dihydroxyphenyl group. It is a fluorophenol, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of catechols. It derives from a L-dopa. 
it is an azabicycloalkane compound having angelyloxy and echimidinyloxymethyl substituents attached to the ring system. It is an azabicycloalkane, a diester and a 2-methylbut-2-enoic acid. It derives from an angelic acid and an isocrotonic acid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a sweet, penetrating, ether-like odor. Noncombustible by if exposed to high temperatures may emit toxic chloride fumes. Vapors are narcotic in high concentrations. Used as a solvent and paint remover. it is a member of the class of chloromethanes that is methane in which two of the hydrogens have been replaced by chlorine. A dense, non-flammible colourless liquid at room temperature (b.p. 40℃, d = 1.33) which is immiscible with water, it is widely used as a solvent, a paint stripper, and for the removal of caffeine from coffee and tea. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, a carcinogenic agent and a refrigerant. It is a member of chloromethanes and a volatile organic compound. it is a clear, colorless, nonflammable, volatile liquid chlorinated hydrocarbon with a sweet, pleasant smell and emits highly toxic fumes of phosgene when heated to decomposition. it is primarily used as a solvent in paint removers, but is also used in aerosol formulations, as a solvent in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, as a degreasing agent, in electronics manufacturing and as an ethane foam blowing agent. Inhalation exposure to this substance irritates the nose and throat and affects the central nervous system. it is a possible mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It derives from a norgestrel. It is an enantiomer of a levonorgestrel. 
Iodide it (as sodium Iodide it) is a radioactive isotope of iodine used in nuclear medicine for the diagnostic study of thyroid disease. Following oral administration, it is absorbed through the gastrointestinal tract and is taken up by the thyroid gland. After incorporation, a gamma camera is used to detect the decay by electron capture to tellurium-123.  Iodine is commonly used in thyroid function diagnostic tests as this gland normally absorbs iodine through the diet for formation of the thyroid hormones triiodothyronine (T3) and its prohormone, thyroxine (T4). Radioactive it in particular is effective for this use as its half-life of approximately 13.13 h (hours) is ideal for the 24-h (hour) iodine uptake test and it has a reduced radiation burden as compared to I-131. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 1-phenylethanamine. It is a conjugate base of a (1S)-1-phenylethanaminium. It is an enantiomer of a (1R)-1-phenylethanamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an aprotoxin having the common aprotoxin cyclodepsipeptide skeleton with a double bond in the polyketide unit. It is isolated from Lyngbya bouillonii and exhibits cytotoxic activity against several cancer cell lines derived from colon, cervix, and bone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 
it is a diterpene alkaloid with formula C31H43NO10 that is isolated from several Aconitum species. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an analgesic and an antiinfective agent. It is a bridged compound, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a benzoate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a tetrol. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
(7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-it is the all-cis-isomer of a C22 polyunsaturated fatty acid having five double bonds in the 7-, 10-, 13-, 16- and 19-positions. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a it and an omega-3 fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosapentaenoate. it is a polyunsaturated very long-chain fatty acid with a 22-carbon backbone and 5 double bonds, originating from the 3rd, 6th, 9th, 12th and 15th positions from the methyl end, with all double bonds in the cis- configuration. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is (5alpha)-androstane substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3 and an oxo group at position 17. It has a role as an androgen and a human metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and an androstanoid. It derives from a 5alpha-androstane. it is a dehydroit metabolite and a precursor of testosterone and estradiol with hypolipidemic and anabolic property. it, a potential neurosteroid, appears to bind to the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)/benzodiazepine-receptor complex (GABA-RC), acting as a negative non-competitive modulator of GABA-RC as well as signal through the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor. In addition this agent inhibits the pentose phosphate pathway (PPP) thereby dilating blood vessels pre-contracted by partial depolarization. Also, it inhibits the synthesis of thromboxane A2 in activated platelets, reduces plasma plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 and tissue plasminogen activator antigen, increases serum levels of insulin-like growth factor 1 and increases cyclic guanosine monophosphate and nitric oxide synthesis. These effects may improve circulation in the microvasculature. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a camphor-like odor. Soluble in most organic liquids. Flash point 154°F. May be toxic by inhalation or skin exposure. Vapors are narcotic in high concentrations. Irritates skin, eyes and mucus membranes. Used in making soap, lacquers, and plastics. it is an alcohol that consists of cyclohexane bearing a single hydroxy substituent. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a solvent. It is a secondary alcohol and a member of its. 
it is an acyl-CoA oxoanion resulting from the removal of all four protons from the phosphate and diphosphate groups of 3-oxo-23,24-bisnorchola-1,4-dien-22-oyl-CoA; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3-oxo-23,24-bisnorchola-1,4-dien-22-oyl-CoA. 
N(omega)-methyl-L-arginine is a L-arginine derivative with a N(omega)-methyl substituent. It is a member of guanidines, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-arginine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N(omega)-methyl-L-argininate. It is a tautomer of a N(omega)-methyl-L-arginine zwitterion. it is a pan-nitric oxide synthase (NOS) inhibitor, with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, tilarginine binds to and inhibits NOS, a free radical signaling molecule that promotes angiogenesis, metastasis, and immunosuppression in the tumor microenvironment (TME). Reduction in NOS activity may abrogate the immunosuppressive TME, enhance tumor antigen-specific immune response and inhibit tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of an L-alanyl, two L-asparagyl units, and an L-proline joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-asparagine and a L-proline. 
A photo-active pigment localized in prolamellar bodies occurring within the proplastids of dark-grown bean leaves. In the process of photoconversion, the highly fluorescent it is converted to chlorophyll. 
it, also known as it or e-dodecalactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lactones. These are cyclic esters of hydroxy carboxylic acids, containing a 1-oxacycloalkan-2-one structure, or analogues having unsaturation or heteroatoms replacing one or more carbon atoms of the ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 7-hexyl-2-oxepanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, celery, and fruity taste. 
it is a imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is 7-(2,5-dioxoimidazolidin-4-yl)heptanoic acid in which the imidazoline ring as substituted at position 3 by a 3-(3-cyclohexyl-3-hydroxypropyl) group. It is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione, a secondary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid. 
6-Acetylmorphine, also known as it CPD or morphine-6-acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as morphinans. These are polycyclic compounds with a four-ring skeleton with three condensed six-member rings forming a partially hydrogenated phenanthrene moiety, one of which is aromatic while the two others are alicyclic. 6-Acetylmorphine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 6-Acetylmorphine has been primarily detected in blood. In humans, 6-acetylmorphine is involved in the heroin action pathway and the heroin metabolism pathway. 
it, also known as it or fema 2206, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, butyl dodecanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a fruity, oily, and peanut tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, and pomes. This makes butyl dodecanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an acetylenic compound that is 2,2-tetramethyl-3-hexyn-1-amine in which both amino hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. It is a tertiary amine and an acetylenic compound. 
it is a 32-membered heterodetic cyclic peptide comprising the sequence Cys-Ser-Asn-Leu-Ser-Thr-Cys-Val-Leu-Gly-Lys-Leu-Ser-Gln-Glu-Leu-His-Lys-Leu-Gln-Thr-Tyr-Pro-Arg-Thr-Asn-Thr-Gly-Ser-Gly-Thr-Pro-NH2 cyclised by a disulfide bridge between the two Cys residues at positions 1 and 7. It has a role as a metabolite and a bone density conservation agent. It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a polypeptide and a peptide hormone. 
1,2,3-trichloropropene appears as an amber liquid. May be absorbed through the skin. Vapors are heavier than air. Contact with vapors or liquid may cause burns or irritation. 
it is an odorless white to off-white crystalline powder with a slightly bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a fluorinated steroid that is 9-fluoropregna-1,4-diene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 11, 17 and 21, a methyl group at position 16 and oxo groups at positions 3 and 20. It is a synthetic member of the class of glucocorticoids. It has a role as an adrenergic agent, an antiemetic, an antineoplastic agent, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an immunosuppressive agent and an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 20-oxo steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 21-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic adrenal corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory properties. In addition to binding to specific nuclear steroid receptors, it also interferes with NF-kB activation and apoptotic pathways. This agent lacks the salt-retaining properties of other related adrenal hormones. (NCI04) 
it is a pale yellow liquid with a mercaptan-like odor. Used as a nematocide and insecticide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is an aporphine alkaloid. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic drug, a serotonergic drug, an antidyskinesia agent, a dopamine agonist, an antiparkinson drug and an emetic. It derives from a hydride of an aporphine. it Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of it, a derivative of morphine and non-ergoline dopamine agonist with high selectivity for dopamine D2, D3, D4 and D5 receptors. it hydrochloride acts by stimulating dopamine receptors in the nigrostriatal system, hypothalamus, limbic system, pituitary gland, and blood vessels. This enhances motor function, suppresses prolactin release, and causes vasodilation and behavioral effects. it hydrochloride is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and erectile dysfunction. In addition, it hydrochloride acts on the chemoreceptor trigger zone and is used as a central emetic in the treatment of drug overdose. 
Gly-Gln is a dipeptide formed from glycine and L-glutamine residues. It has a role as a metabolite and a protective agent. It is a tautomer of a Gly-Gln zwitterion. 
An 18-amino acid peptide that is the C-terminal fragment of gamma-lipotropin which is the N-terminal fragment of BETA-LIPOTROPIN. Beta-MSH is shown to regulate skin pigmentation, steroid production, and feeding. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and sinks in water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be mildly toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. Use: in lithography, battery acid solution treated fabrics, used in varnishes. 
it is a spinosyn in which the sugar amino and hydroxy groups are globally methylated. One of the two active ingredients of spinosad. It has a role as a pediculicide. It is a itnd a spinosyn insecticide. 
it, also known as iminopropionicacetic acid or N-(carboxyethyl)glycine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as framidice 3 or menthol carboxamide WS-3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ethyl menthane carboxamide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. it is the hydrochloride salt of fenfluramine, an amphetamine derivative and a sympathomimetic stimulant with appetite-suppressant properties. Fenfluramine, which was part of the Fen-Phen anti-obesity medication, stimulates the release of serotonin from vesicular storage, and modulates serotonin transporter function. Since serotonin regulates mood and appetite, among other functions, increased serotonin level results in a feeling of fullness and loss of appetite. 
N-acetyl-L-alpha-phenylglycine is an N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alpha-phenylglycine in which a hydrogen attached to the nitrogen has been replaced by an acetyl group. It is a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid, a glycine derivative and a non-proteinogenic amino acid derivative. It derives from a L-alpha-phenylglycine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-alpha-phenylglycinate. 
Crag® herbicide is a colorless to white crystalline, odorless solid. Mp: 245°C (with decomposition). Manufacture discontinued in 1994 by Rhone-Poulenc Ag Co. 
it is a succinic acid derivative with hypoglycemic activity. Like other meglitinide-type compounds, mitiglinide has a high affinity for SUR1 subunits. 
it is a polyazaalkane that is the 1,5,9,13,17-pentaaza derivative of heptodecane. It has a role as a marine metabolite. It is a polyazaalkane, a primary amino compound and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(4+). 
it is the hydrochloride salt of SKF-96365. It is a TRP channel blocker. It has a role as a TRP channel blocker, an apoptosis inducer, an autophagy inducer, a GABA antagonist, an antineoplastic agent, a calcium channel blocker and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It contains a SKF-96365 free base(1+). 
it is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as eicosanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a N-acylsphingosine and a Cer(d38:1). It derives from an icosanoic acid. 
it is a ureidocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a glycolic acid. 
it is an aziridinylbenzoquinone-based alkylating agent with potential antineoplastic activity. The alkylating group in it becomes activated upon reduction of quinone to the hydroquinone form. This eventually results in the alkylation and crosslinking of DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication followed by an induction of apoptosis. In addition, reactive oxygen species may form during redox cycling which may contribute to this agent's cytotoxic activity. 
it is a methoxycinnamic acid with three methoxy substituents at the 3-, 4- and 5-positions. It has a role as an allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4,5-trimethoxycinnamate. 
15-Dehydro-prostaglandin e1(1-) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as prostaglandins and related compounds. These are unsaturated carboxylic acids consisting of a 20 carbon skeleton that also contains a five member ring, and are based upon the fatty acid arachidonic acid. 15-Dehydro-prostaglandin e1(1-) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 15-Dehydro-prostaglandin e1(1-) has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 15-dehydro-prostaglandin e1(1-) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an acyl-CoA oxoanion that results from the removal of all five protons from the phosphate and carboxylic acid groups of (3S)-3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA. It is a carboxylic acid anion and an acyl-CoA oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a (3S)-3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 2-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a metabolite of phenylalanine and is excreted in the urine of patients suffering from diseases like phenylketonuria. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acetic acid and a phenol. It is a conjugate acid of a (2-hydroxyphenyl)acetate. 
it is an organic phosphoramidate anion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphoramidate and carboxy groups as well as protonation of the amino group of it; major species at pH 7.3. It is an organic phosphoramidate anion and an alpha-amino-acid anion. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and hydroxyaldehyde that is erythrodiol in which the primary hydroxy group at position 28 has been oxidised to the corresponding aldehyde. It is found in grapes and olives. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a secondary alcohol and a hydroxyaldehyde. It derives from an erythrodiol. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is the organic bromide salt of a 5alpha-androstane compound having 3alpha-acetoxy-, 17beta-acetoxy-, 2beta-piperidinino- and 16beta-N-methylpiperidinium substituents. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a neuromuscular agent and a muscle relaxant. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains a vecuronium. It derives from a 5alpha-androstane. it is the bromide salt form of vecuronium, a synthetic steroid derivative of the naturally occurring alkaloids of curare with a muscle relaxant property. it competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This leads to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it is a member of the class of fluoren-9-ones that is 9H-fluoren-9-one which is substituted by a 2-(diethylamino)ethoxy group at positions 2 and 7. It is an interferon inducer and a selective alpha7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (alpha7 nAChR) agonist. Its hydrochloride salt is used as an antiviral drug. It has a role as an antiviral agent, an interferon inducer, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is a member of fluoren-9-ones, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a diether. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). it is a orally available small molecule interferon inducer that is used as an antiviral agent. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining loperamide with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used for treatment of diarrhoea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an antidiarrhoeal drug and an anticoronaviral agent. It contains a loperamide(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of loperamide, a synthetic, piperidine derivative and opioid agonist with antidiarrheal activity. Loperamide acts on the mu-receptors in the intestinal mucosa. This leads to a decrease in gastrointestinal motility by decreasing the circular and longitudinal smooth muscle activity of the intestinal wall. This slows intestinal transit and allows for more water and electrolyte absorption from the intestines. Loperamide is not significantly absorbed from the gut and does not cross the blood-brain barrier. Therefore it has no central nervous system effects. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Flash point 115°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May be moderately toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption. it is an alkylbenzene that is benzene carrying an isopropyl group. 
Hydroperoxide formed by the oxidation of tetralin, a DuPont product, used as a turpentine replacement. The technical grade hydroperoxide is a liquid and will have a residual odor of benzene/menthol. 
it is a cyclohexadienecarboxylic acid having the C=C bonds at the 1- and 3-positions, the carboxylic acid at the 1-position and two hydroxy substituents at the 5- and 6-positions. It is a cyclohexadienecarboxylic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-dihydroxy-2,3-dihydrobenzoate. 
it is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that consists of (4Z,7Z,10Z,12E,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid bearing an additional 14-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
2-(3, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrogallols and derivatives. Pyrogallols and derivatives are compounds containing a 1, 2, 3-trihydroxybenzene moiety. 2-(3, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a hydrate of cephalexin consisting of equimolar amounts of hydrate and cephalexin. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a cephalexin. Cephalexin is a beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cephalexin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linking of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to second and third generation cephalosporins, cephalexin is more active against gram-positive and less active against gram-negative organisms. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02607228 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of it as a Single Agent and In Combination With Enzalutamide in Participants With Metastatic Castrate-Resistant Prostate Cancer). 
it is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 2 and 6. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6-dimethylbenzoate. 
it, also known as fema 2879, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a monoterpene that is bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane substituted by methy groups at positions 1, 3 and 3. It is a monoterpene, a terpenoid fundamental parent and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is a it anion that is the conjugate base of phenol obtained by deprotonation of the OH group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a phenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthridines and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthridine moiety, which is a tricyclic system with two benzene rings joined by a pyridine forming a non-linear skeleton. Hydrogenated derivatives are also included. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dibenzoazepine that is 10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenzo[b,f]azepine which is substituted by chlorine at position 3 and in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 3-(dimethylamino)propyl group. One of the more sedating tricyclic antidepressants, it is used as the hydrochloride salt for the treatment of depression as well as obsessive-compulsive disorder and phobias. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, a serotonergic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, an EC 1.8.1.12 (trypanothione-disulfide reductase) inhibitor, an antidepressant and an anticoronaviral agent. It derives from an imipramine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a tricyclic antidepressant that acts by reducing the re-uptake of norepinephrine and serotonin in the central nervous system, thereby enhancing the effects of these neurotransmitters. This drug also binds to alpha-adrenergic, histaminergic, and cholinergic receptors which are responsible for the many side effects seen with this agent. 
it is an aldehyde that consists of acetaldehyde bearing a methyl substituent; the parent member of the it class of compounds. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde and a member of its. 
it is a sulfonamide incorporating 2-carboxybenzamido and 1,3-thiazol-2-yl moieties that is a broad-spectrum antibiotic indicated in the treatment of dysentery, colitis, gastroenteritis and intestinal surgery. It is a sulfonamide, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a phthalic acid. it is a broad spectrum antimicrobial agent. it is used in the treatment of dysentery, colitis, and gastroenteritis. 
it is an aromatic diazonium ion consiting of a benzene core with diazonium and trimethylammonium groups para to one another. It is an aromatic diazonium ion and a quaternary ammonium ion. 
Rare gas and oxygen mixture is a colorless odorless gas. Both gases are noncombustible; however, oxygen will accelerate the combustion of a fire. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a N2-acyl-L-ornithine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N(2)-succinyl-L-ornithinate(1-). 
DT6 is an oligonucleotide comprised of six thymidine residues connected via 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. It has a role as an epitope. It contains a thymidine 5'-monophosphate residue. 
it is the beta-anomer of dTDP-L-rhamnose. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a dTDP-L-mannose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
N4-Hydroxyctidine, or EIDD-1931, is a ribonucleoside analog which induces mutations in RNA virions. it was first described in the literature in 1980 as a potent mutagen of bacteria and phage. It has shown antiviral activity against Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus, and the human coronavirus HCoV-NL63 in vitro. N4-hydroxycytodine has been shown to inhibit SARS-CoV-2 as well as other human and bat coronaviruses in mice and human airway epithelial cells. It is orally bioavailable in mice and distributes into tissue before becoming the active 5’-triphosphate form, which is incorporated into the genome of new virions, resulting in the accumulation of inactivating mutations. In non-human primates, it was poorly orally bioavailable. A [remdesivir] resistant mutant mouse hepatitis virus has also been shown to have increased sensitivity to it. The prodrug of it, [EIDD-2801], is also being investigated for its broad spectrum activity against the coronavirus family of viruses. 
it has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung. it is a salicylic acid derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it dislodges all Ras isoforms from their membrane-anchoring sites, thereby preventing activation of RAS signaling cascades that mediated cell proliferation, differentiation, and senescence. RAS signaling is believed to be abnormally activated in one-third of human cancers, including cancers of the pancreas, colon, lung and breast. 
it is a colorless liquid with a penetrating odor. It is slightly soluble in water. It is corrosive to metals and to tissue. it is a C5, branched-chain saturated fatty acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acid, a methylbutyric acid and a branched-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isovalerate. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-asparagine and L-aspartic acid joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-aspartic acid. 
it is a myo-inositol tetrakisphosphate having the four phosphates placed in the 1-, 3-, 4- and 5-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
it is an N-sulfonylurea obtained by formal condensation of [(3-methylphenyl)amino]pyridine-3-sulfonic acid with the free amino group of N-isopropylurea. It is a potent loop diuretic used for the treatment of hypertension and edema in patients with congestive heart failure. It has a role as a loop diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. It is a N-sulfonylurea, an aminopyridine and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a 4-aminopyridine. it is an anilinopyridine sulfonylurea belonging to the class of loop diuretics. it has a prolonged duration of action compared to other loop diuretics, is extensively protein bound in plasma and has a relatively long half-life. 
it is an oral, fixed combination of antiviral agents that is used to treat chronic hepatitis C, genotypes 1 and 4. This combination has been associated with low rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but has not been implicated in cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a spinosyn in which the sugar amino and hydroxy groups are globally methylated with an additional methyl substituent attached to the tetracyclic skeleton. One of the two active ingredients of spinosad. It has a role as a pediculicide. It is a spinosyn and a spinosyn insecticide. 
it is a member of the class of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes that is p-cresol in which the methyl group is perfluorinated. It is a metabolite of the drug fluoxetine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It derives from a (trifluoromethyl)benzene and a p-cresol. 
it is a preparation containing a mixture of glycosidic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces olivoreticuli with fluorescent microscopy applications and potential antineoplastic activities. it preferentially binds to DNA and can be utilized as a fluorescent marker during the characterization of heterochromatin. Additionally, binding to DNA inhibits both RNA transcription and RNA elongation by RNA polymerase; therefore protein synthesis is inhibited. In addition, it antibiotics are able to induce apoptosis in tumor cells through a mechanism that has not yet been fully elucidated. 
Irinotecan hydrochloride hydrate is a hydrate that is the trihydrate form of irinotecan hydrochloride. Onivyde is used in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin, for the treatment of patients with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas after disease progression following gemcitabine-based therapy. It is converted via hydrolysis of the carbamate linkage to its active metabolite, SN-38, which is ~1000 times more active. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. It contains an irinotecan hydrochloride (anhydrous). Irinotecan Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin, a cytotoxic, quinoline-based alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree Camptotheca acuminata. Irinotecan, a prodrug, is converted to a biologically active metabolite 7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-camptothecin (SN-38) by a carboxylesterase-converting enzyme. One thousand-fold more potent than its parent compound irinotecan, SN-38 inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA, resulting in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptotic cell death. Because ongoing DNA synthesis is necessary for irinotecan to exert its cytotoxic effects, it is classified as an S-phase-specific agent. 
it is a nucleobase analogue that is thymine in which the CH group at position 6 is replaced by nitrogen. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite and an EC 2.6.1.40 [(R)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate--pyruvate transaminase] inhibitor. It is a cyclic ketone, a member of 1,2,4-triazines and a nucleobase analogue. 
it, liquid appears as a reddish-yellow fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Fumes are irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes. Solidifies at 37°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used to make other chemicals, and in chemical analysis. 
it is a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde that is (2E)-hept-2-ene which is carrying an oxo group at position 1. Found in the peel of Malaysian pink and white pomelo peel and in the scent gland secretion of the rice stink bug Oebalus pugnax. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a uremic toxin. It is an enal, a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. 
it is an organic heterohexacyclic compound that is a mycotoxic indole alkaloid isolated from Penicillium and Aspergillus species. It has a role as a mycotoxin, a potassium channel blocker, a GABA modulator, an Aspergillus metabolite and a Penicillium metabolite. It is an indole alkaloid, a diol, an aromatic ether, an organic peroxide and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 
it is a HETE having a (5S)-hydroxy group and (6E)-, (8Z)-, (11Z)- and (14Z)-double bonds. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an icosa-6,8,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a tetraric acid that is butanedioic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-carboxy-2,3-dihydroxypropanoate. it is a white crystalline dicarboxylic acid found in many plants, particularly tamarinds and grapes. it is used to generate carbon dioxide through interaction with sodium bicarbonate following oral administration. Carbon dioxide extends the stomach and provides a negative contrast medium during double contrast radiography. In high doses, this agent acts as a muscle toxin by inhibiting the production of malic acid, which could cause paralysis and maybe death. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is coniferol attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cinnamyl alcohol beta-D-glucoside, an aromatic ether and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a coniferol. 
it is a 2',3'-cyclic pyrimidine nucleotide that is CMP in which the hydroxy groups at the 2' and 3' positions have been converted into the corresponding cyclic phosphate. It is a cytidine 5'-phosphate and a 2',3'-cyclic pyrimidine nucleotide. It derives from a cytidine 5'-monophosphate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of cycrimine. A central anticholinergic, it is used as its hydrochloride salt in the management and treatment of Parkinson's disease. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antiparkinson drug. It contains a cycrimine. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-methionine, L-serine, and L-arginine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-methionine, a L-serine and a L-arginine. 
it is the L-enantiomer of arabinonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-arabinonate. It is an enantiomer of a D-arabinonic acid. 
it is a member of the class of pyridopyrimidines that is 2-methyl-6,7,8,9-tetrahydropyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one carrying an additional 2-[4-(6-fluoro-1,2-benzoxazol-3-yl)piperidin-1-yl]ethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist, a second generation antipsychotic, a dopaminergic antagonist, a psychotropic drug and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a pyridopyrimidine, an organofluorine compound, a heteroarylpiperidine and a member of 1,2-benzoxazoles. it is a benzisoxazole derivative with antipsychotic property. it selectively antagonizes serotonin (5-HT) effects via cortical 5-HT2 receptor, and, to a lesser extent, competes with dopamine at the limbic dopamine D2 receptor. The antagonism leads to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, it has low to moderate affinity for histamine H1, 5-HT1A, 5-HT1C, and 5-HT1D receptors, while it has weak affinity for dopamine D1 and haloperidol-sensitive sigma site receptors. 
it is a indol-3-yl carboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-(indol-3-yl)pyruvic acid It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid anion and a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 3-(indol-3-yl)pyruvic acid. 
Natamycin is a polyene amphoteric macrolide antibiotic with antifungal properties. Natamycin exerts its antifungal effects by binding to sterols in the fungal cell membrane thereby increasing membrane permeability. This leads to a leakage and loss of essential cellular constituents. Following ocular application, natamycin is retained in the conjunctival fornices and attains effective concentrations within the corneal stroma where it exerts its effect. 
Exatecan Mesylate is a semisynthetic, water-soluble derivative of camptothecin with antineoplastic activity. Exatecan mesylate inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA and inhibiting religation of DNA breaks, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and triggering apoptotic cell death. This agent does not require enzymatic activation and exhibits greater potency than camptothecin and other camptothecin analogues. (NCI04) 
it appears as a dark blue crystalline solid with a faint odor of ammonia. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used as a pesticide, to print fabrics, and to make other copper compounds. 
it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and antipruritic activities. it binds the glucocorticoid receptor, followed by translocation of the ligand-receptor complex to the nucleus and transcription activation of genes containing glucocorticoid-responsive elements. Lipocortin-1 is one factor induced by it that interacts with and inhibits cytosolic phospholipase 2 alpha, thereby preventing phospholipase translocation to the perinuclear membrane and subsequent release and conversion of arachidonic acid to inflammatory prostaglandins. In addition, MAPK phosphatase 1 is induced, thereby preventing the triggering of the MAPK cascade resulting in pro-inflammatory effects via Jun N-terminal kinase and c-Jun. Finally, it binds to and inhibits nuclear factor kappa-B directly, resulting in inhibition of cyclooxygenase 2 transcription and subsequent prostaglandin synthesis. 
A stable prostaglandin endoperoxide analog which serves as a thromboxane mimetic. Its actions include mimicking the hydro-osmotic effect of VASOPRESSIN and activation of TYPE C PHOSPHOLIPASES. (From J Pharmacol Exp Ther 1983;224(1): 108-117; Biochem J 1984;222(1):103-110) 
it is a 5-membered heterocyclic compound, which is substituted in the 2-position with a methyl group and which is often used as a monomer in polymerisation reactions. 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine with a methyl substituent at the 4-position and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent and a drug allergen. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a long-acting sulfanilamide antibacterial agent. it inhibits bacterial synthesis of dihydrofolic acid by competing with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) for the binding site on dihydropteroate synthase. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is 2,3,3a,12a-tetrahydroanthra[2,3-b]furo[3,2-d]furan-5,10-dione carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 4, 6 and 8. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a cyclic acetal, a polyphenol and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an odorless white to creamy-white crystalline powder. Bitter taste. pH (3% solution):4.5-6. pH (10% solution) 4.2-5.5. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of phenylpropanolamine, an alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with sympathomimetic activity. Phenylpropanolamine binds to and activates alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract resulting in vasoconstriction and reduction in swelling of nasal mucous membranes and reduction in tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion. This agent also stimulates the release of norepinephrine from its storage sites resulting in the effects already described. Finally, phenylpropanolamine indirectly stimulates beta-receptors producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect. 
it is isoipecoside in which the acetyl group attaced to the nitrogen is replaced by hydrogen. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a beta-D-glucoside, a member of isoquinolines and a methyl ester. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Demethoxyaschantin is a member of the class of furofurans that is tetrahydro-1H,3H-furo[3,4-c]furan-1-yl]-1,3-benzodioxole carrying an additional 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furofuran, a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of benzodioxoles. 
it is a methanesulfonate ester that is methanesulfonic acid in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a 3,3-dimethyl-2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-5-yl group. It is a metabolite of the herbicide ethofumesate. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a methanesulfonate ester, a member of 1-benzofurans and a gamma-lactone. 
it is a phlorotanin that is 1,1'-bioxanthrene substituted by 3,5-dihydroxyphenoxy groups at position 6 and 6' and hydroxy groups at positions 2, 2', 4, 4', 7, 7', 9 and 9' respectively. It is isolated from an edible marine brown alga Ecklonia cava and exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as a metabolite, a radical scavenger and an anti-HIV-1 agent. It is a phlorotannin, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
it is a pentahydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3', 4' and 5'. It is a pentahydroxyflavanone, a 3',5'-dihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. 
it is a hydroxyflavan that is (2S)-flavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 3', a methoxy group at position 4' and a methyl group at position 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. It derives from a hydride of a (2S)-flavan. 
it is a naphthaldehyde that is naphthalene substituted by a formyl group at position 2. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it is a 17-hydroxy steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. it is a synthetic progestin commonly used alone or in combination with an estrogen for contraception. it suppresses the secretion of luteinizing and follicle-stimulating hormones (LH and FSH), thickens cervical mucus, and slows the transit of ova through the fallopian tubes. This agent also exhibits antiproliferative activity in endometrial tissue and may exhibit chemopreventive and antineoplastic activities in endometrial carcinoma. (NCI04) 
it is a carboxamidine, a formamidine insecticide, a formamidine acaricide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as an antifeedant. 
it is an S-alkyl thiosulfate having 2-(dimethylamino)ethyl as the alkyl group. It is a S-alkyl thiosulfate and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a it in which the oxygen replaced by sulfur is that at C-4. It has a role as an affinity label and an antimetabolite. It is a it and a nucleoside analogue. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefuroxime and a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inactivating penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of the cell wall. Lack of cross-linking results in a reduction of cell wall stability and leads to cell lysis. 
it is a chlorocatechol that iscatechol in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 have been replaced by methyl and chlorine, respectively. It is a chlorocatechol, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a methylcatechol. 
it is a very long-chain fatty acid that is hexacosanoic (cerotic) acid substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a very long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyhexacosanoate. 
Dehydro-1, 8-cineole, also known as 1, 8-it or 1, 8-cineole dehydro, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrans. Pyrans are compounds containing a pyran ring, which is a six-member heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring with five carbon atoms, one oxygen atom and two ring double bonds. Dehydro-1, 8-cineole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dehydro-1, 8-cineole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Dehydro-1, 8-cineole is a lemon and mint tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices, sweet bay, and tea. This makes dehydro-1, 8-cineole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01705847 (A Phase 1b Study Evaluating it in Subjects With Lymphoid Malignancies). it is an inhibitor of the beta and delta isoforms of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA phosphoinositide-3 kinases (PI3K) with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits the activity of PI3K, thereby preventing the production of the second messenger phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate (PIP3), which decreases tumor cell proliferation and induces cell death. PI3K-mediated signaling is often dysregulated in cancer cells; the targeted inhibition of PI3K is designed to preserve PI3K signaling in normal, non-neoplastic cells. 
it is a hydroxamic acid that is (3S)-N-hydroxy-2,2-dimethylthiomorpholine-3-carboxamide in which the hydrogen attached to the thiomorpholine nitrogen has been replaced by a [4-(pyridin-4-yloxy)phenyl]sulfonyl group. It is a selective inhibitor with of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) 2, 3, 9, 13, and 14. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor and an EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor. It is a hydroxamic acid, a member of thiomorpholines, a sulfonamide, an aromatic ether and a member of pyridines. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic hydroxamic acid derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) (specifically, MMP-2, 9, 13, and 14), thereby inducing extracellular matrix degradation, and inhibiting angiogenesis, tumor growth and invasion, and metastasis. As a lipophilic agent, it crosses the blood-brain barrier. (NCI04) 
it is an iridodial that is (1R,2R)-2-[(2R)-1-oxopropan-2-yl]cyclopentanecarbaldehyde substituted by a methyl group at position 2 (2S-stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is allantoic acid in which one of the aminocarbonyl groups is replaced by hydrogen. It is a member of ureas and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the monohydrate form of D-glucose, a natural monosaccharide and carbohydrate. Dextrose serves to replenish lost nutrients and electrolytes. The agent provides metabolic energy and is the primary ingredient in oral rehydration salts (ORS) and is used in intravenous (IV) fluids to provide nutrients to patients under intensive care who are unable to receive them by the oral route. Solutions containing dextrose restore blood glucose levels, provide calories, may aid in minimizing liver glycogen depletion and exerts a protein-sparing action. Dextrose also plays a role in the production of proteins and in lipid metabolism. 
it, a spermine metabolite of cholesterol, is a naturally occurring aminosterol that inhibits protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B. It has demonstrated the ability to stimulate regeneration of heart and multiple other tissues in animal models. it is a naturally-occurring cholestane and non-competitive, allosteric inhibitor of protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B), with potential hypoglycemic, anti-diabetic, anti-obesity, and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it selectively targets and inhibits PTP1B, thereby preventing PTP1B-mediated signaling. This prevents the dephosphorylation of the insulin receptor, which improves insulin signaling and insulin sensitivity, and decreases blood glucose levels. In susceptible cancer cells, inhibition of PTP1B causes a reduction of tumor cell proliferation. In addition, as it can cross the blood-brain barrier (BBB), it centrally suppresses appetite and causes weight loss. PTP1B, a tyrosine phosphatase, is elevated in certain cancer cells; it is specifically upregulated in human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-driven cancers where it promotes cell growth, and is correlated with a poor prognosis and increased metastatic potential. In diabetes, PTP1B upregulation plays a major role in insulin resistance. 
it is a retinoid, a member of benzoic acids and a member of naphthalenes. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. it is a synthetic retinoic acid agent with potential antineoplastic, chemopreventive, teratogenic and embryotoxic properties. it selectively binds to and activates retinoid X receptors (RXRs), thereby inducing changes in gene expression that lead to cell differentiation, decreased cell proliferation, apoptosis of some cancer cell types, and tumor regression. (NCI04) 
it, also known as ent-kaurenal or kaur-16-en-18-al, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ent-16-kauren-19-al is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ent-16-kauren-19-al can be found in fruits and sunflower. This makes ent-16-kauren-19-al a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of octanol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an octan-1-ol. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from deprotonation of the carboxy group of keto-phenylpyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a chromogenic compound and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and a it. It derives from a pyruvate. It is a conjugate base of a keto-phenylpyruvic acid. 
it is a bicyclic structure comprising a pyrazole ring fused to a hydroxy-substituted pyrimidine ring. It has a role as a radical scavenger, a gout suppressant, an antimetabolite and an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor. It is an organic heterobicyclic compound and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-pyrazolo[4,3-d]pyrimidine. it is a structural isomer of hypoxanthine. it inhibits xanthine oxidase, an enzyme that converts oxypurines to uric acid. By blocking the production of uric acid, this agent decreases serum and urine concentrations of uric acid, thereby providing protection against uric acid-mediated end organ damage in conditions associated with excessive production of uric acid, i.e. the massive cell lysis associated with the treatment of some malignancies. (NCI04) 
it is a long-chain, divinyl ether fatty acid composed of 8-nonenoic acid in which the E-hydrogen at position 9 is substituted by a (1E,3Z,6Z)-nona-1,3,6-trien-1-yloxy group. It is a straight-chain fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a divinyl ether fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a colnelenate. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet and cooked taste. 
it appears as a liquid. Insoluble in water and slightly less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Poisonous by ingestion and moderately toxic by inhalation and skin contact. Irritating to skin and eyes. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate. 
2-(Ethylsulfonylmethyl)phenyl methylcarbamate, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenyl methylcarbamates. These are aromatic compounds containing a methylcarbamic acid esterified with a phenyl group. 2-(Ethylsulfonylmethyl)phenyl methylcarbamate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-(ethylsulfonylmethyl)phenyl methylcarbamate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a pinkish to white crystalline solid with a phenolic odor. Melting point 64-66°C. Shipped as a solid or in a liquid carrier. Soluble in aqueous base. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used as an external germicide. Used as a preservative in paints and inks. it is a hydroxytoluene that is 3-methylphenol which is substituted by a chlorine at position 4. A ryanodine receptor agonist. It has a role as a ryanodine receptor agonist, an antimicrobial agent and a disinfectant. It is a hydroxytoluene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a macrolide comprising a fourteen-membered lactone fused to 1,3-dihydroxybenzene; a potent estrogenic metabolite produced by some Giberella species. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a mycoestrogen. It is a macrolide and a member of resorcinols. 
it is a white granular solid. Decomposes at approximately 275°F (changes to white puffy solid), then slowly darkens until total decomposition at approximately 464°F. (NTP, 1992) 
1-[(1S,2S,4S,5R)-4-hydroxy-5-(hydroxymethyl)bicyclo[3.1.0]hexan-2-yl]thymine is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane which is substituted at the 2-pro-S, 4-pro-S and 5-pro-R positions by thymin-1-yl, hydroxy, and hydroxymethyl groups, respectively. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a C-glycosyl pyrimidine and a pyrimidone. It derives from a thymine. 
it is a cyclitol ester that is 1D-myo-inositol bearing a indol-3-acetyl substituent at position 1. It is a member of indoles, a cyclitol ester and an indoleacetic acid ester conjugate. It derives from a myo-inositol. 
it is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of ammonium magnesium phosphate. It is a constituent of urinary calculi. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is a hydrate and a phosphate mineral. It contains an ammonium magnesium phosphate. 
it is an O-acyl-L-carnitine where the acyl group specified is acetyl. It facilitates movement of acetyl-CoA into the matrices of mammalian mitochondria during the oxidation of fatty acids. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an O-it and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. It derives from a carnitine. It is an enantiomer of an O-acetyl-D-carnitine. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of atomoxetine. It has a role as an antidepressant and an adrenergic uptake inhibitor. It contains an atomoxetine. it is the hydrochloride salt of atomoxetine, a phenoxy-3-propylamine derivative and selective non-stimulant, norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor with cognitive-enhancing activity. Although its precise mechanism of action is unknown, atomoxetine appears to selectively inhibit the pre-synaptic norepinephrine transporter, resulting in inhibition of the presynaptic reabsorption of norepinephrine and prolongation of norepinephrine activity in the synaptic cleft. The effect on cognitive brain function may result in improved attention and decreased impulsivity and activity levels. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol acetate substituted by a methyl groups at positions 2, 2 and 4 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is an acetate ester, a member of chromenes and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it, also known as vescalene or castalagin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, vescalagin can be found in nuts. This makes vescalagin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a gadolinium-based paramagnetic contrast agent. When placed in a magnetic field, it produces a large magnetic moment and so a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons; as a result, the signal intensity of tissue images observed with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be enhanced. Because this agent is preferentially taken up by normal functioning hepatocytes, normal hepatic tissue is enhanced with MRI while tumor tissue is unenhanced. In addition, because it is excreted in the bile, it may be used to visualize the biliary system using MRI. 
it is a 1,4-benzoquinone having a methoxy substituent at the 2-position and a pentyl substituent at the 6-position. It has a role as a hapten, a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antifeedant and an allergen. 
Norcocaine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. Norcocaine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, norcocaine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an acylated sulfhydryl-containing derivative of glycine with reducing and complexing properties. it breaks the disulphide bond of cystine and binds the sulfhydryl group of the resultant cysteine monomers to form a soluble it-cysteine-mixed disulfide, which is more water-soluble than cystine and is readily excreted. This leads to a reduction in urinary cystine concentration and subsequently reduces cystine stone formation. 
it is a member of the class of benzoxazoles that is 2,3-dihydro-1,3-benzoxazole carrying an oxo group at position 2. It has a role as an allelochemical and a phytoalexin. 
it is a 3-hydroxymethylcephalosporin having a (5-amino-5-carboxypentanoyl)amino group at the 7-position. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
2, 2-Dimethyloxirane, also known as 1, 2-it or 1, 2-epoxy-isobutane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as epoxides. Epoxides are compounds containing a cyclic ether with three ring atoms(one oxygen and two carbon atoms). 2, 2-Dimethyloxirane is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 2-dimethyloxirane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 2-dimethyloxirane can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 2-dimethyloxirane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
4-Ethyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol, also known as it or 2, 6-dimethoxy-4-ethylphenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 4-Ethyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is oxytocin in which the hydrogen on the phenolic hydroxy group is substituted by methyl, the amino group on the cysteine residue is substituted by hydrogen, and the sulfur of the cysteine residue is replaced by a methylene group. A synthetic carba-analogue of oxytocin, it is used to control bleeding after giving birth. Like oxytocin, it causes contraction of the uterus. It has a role as an oxytocic. 
it, also known as 3-chlorohippate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hippuric acids. Hippuric acids are compounds containing hippuric acid, which consists of a of a benzoyl group linked to the N-terminal of a glycine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Canagliflozin hydrate is a hydrate that is the hemihydrate form of canagliflozin. Used for treatment of type II diabetes via inhibition of sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2 inhibitor. It contains a canagliflozin. Canagliflozin is a C-glucoside with a thiophene ring that is an orally available inhibitor of sodium-glucose transporter 2 (SGLT2) with antihyperglycemic activity. Canagliflozin is also able to reduce body weight and has a low risk for hypoglycemia. 
it is a halide anion formed when chlorine picks up an electron to form an an anion. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a cofactor. It is a halide anion and a monoatomic chlorine. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it. it is a chlorine anion that forms the negatively charged part of certain salts, including sodium and hydrogen it salts, and is an essential electrolyte located in all body fluids responsible for maintaining acid/base balance, transmitting nerve impulses and regulating fluid in and out of cells. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkaloids and derivatives. These are naturally occurring chemical compounds that contain mostly basic nitrogen atoms. This group also includes some related compounds with neutral and even weakly acidic properties. Also some synthetic compounds of similar structure are attributed to alkaloids. In addition to carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen, alkaloids may also contain oxygen, sulfur and more rarely other elements such as chlorine, bromine, and phosphorus. it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, homoarecoline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, homoarecoline can be found in nuts. This makes homoarecoline a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 1,2-diglyceride obtained by the formal acylation of positions 1 and 2 of glycerol by hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid. It is a 1,2-diglyceride and a dihexadecanoylglycerol. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a amino cyclitol glycoside that is kanamycin B lacking the 3-hydroxy substituent from the 2,6-diaminoglucose ring. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antimicrobial agent and a toxin. It derives from a kanamycin B. It is a conjugate base of a it(5+). it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces tenebrarius with bacteriostatic activity. Following active transport into the cell, it binds irreversibly to a specific aminoglycoside receptor on the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interferes with the initiation complex between messenger RNA and the 30S subunit, thereby inhibiting initiation of protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. In addition, it induces misreading of the mRNA template causing incorrect amino acids to be incorporated into the growing polypeptide chain, consequently interfering with protein elongation. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C and Hepatocellular Carcinoma. it is an orally bioavailable, synthetic, highly selective adenosine A3 receptor (A3AR) agonist with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and activates the cell surface-expressed A3AR, deregulating Wnt and NF-kB signal transduction pathways downstream, which may result in apoptosis of A3AR-expressing tumor cells. A3AR, a G protein-coupled receptor, is highly expressed on the cell surfaces of various solid tumor cell types, including hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells, and plays an important role in cellular proliferation. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is the 2-oxo derivative of isovaleric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-methyl-2-oxobutanoate. It is a tautomer of a 2-hydroxy-3-methyl-2-butenoic acid. 
Taurocholate is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of taurocholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organosulfonate oxoanion and a cholanic acid conjugate anion. It is a conjugate base of a taurocholic acid. 
it, also known as pipecolic acid betaine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral it has been primarily detected in feces. Within the cell, (S)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-it can be found in alfalfa, herbs and spices, and pulses. This makes (S)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of spectinomycin, an aminocyclitol antibiotic derived from Streptomyces spectabilis with antibacterial property. it binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide elongation and protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. 
it, solution is a colorless watery liquid with a sharp, irritating odor. Consists of it, a gas, dissolved in water. Sinks and mixes with water. Produces irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) Chlorine atom is a halogen. It has a role as a micronutrient. 
it is a monochlorobenzoic acid having the chloro group at the 2-position. It has a role as a plant hormone and a plant metabolite. It is a monochlorobenzoic acid and a 2-halobenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-chlorobenzoate. 
N-ethyl-n-benzylaniline appears as a colorless to light colored liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it is an agent belonging to the glitazone class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic activity. it also appears to decrease triacylglycerol levels in animal studies. 
it is a CMP-sugar having N,N-diacetyllegionaminic acid as the sugar component. It derives from a legionaminic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a CMP-N,N-diacetyllegionaminate(2-). 
it appears as light brown crystals or brown granular solid. (NTP, 1992) 1,3-it is a primary amino compound that is 1,3-thiazole substituted by an amino group at position 2. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles and a primary amino compound. 
2-(4-cyclohexyl-1-naphthyl)propanoic acid is a member of the class of naphthalenes that is propionic acid in which one of the alpha-hydrogens is replaced by a 4-cyclohexyl-1-naphthyl group. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of naphthalenes. It derives from a propionic acid. 
it is a nucleoside 5'-diphosphate(3-) obtained by deprotonation of the three diphosphate OH groups of guanosine 5'-diphosphate (GMP); major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a GDP(2-). 
it is a ketoaldonate that is the conjugate base of N-acetylneuraminic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetylneuraminic acid. 
it, also known as fema 3753 or isobutyric acid, 2-methylphenyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methylphenyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a berry, medical, and phenolic taste. 
Ethyl crotonate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
Watery odorless colorless liquid. Denser than water and soluble in water. Hence sinks in and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a hexose with a (potential) aldehyde group at one end. It is an aldose and a hexose. Anhydrous Dextrose is the anhydrous form of D-glucose, a natural monosaccharide and carbohydrate. Dextrose serves to replenish lost nutrients and electrolytes. The agent provides metabolic energy and is the primary ingredient in oral rehydration salts (ORS) and is used in intravenous (IV) fluids to provide nutrients to patients under intensive care who are unable to receive them by the oral route. Solutions containing dextrose restore blood glucose levels and provide calories and may aid in minimizing liver glycogen depletion and exerts a protein-sparing action. Dextrose anhydrous also plays a role in the production of proteins and in lipid metabolism. 
it is a omega-hydroxy fatty acid that is butyric acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 4 respectively. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid and a hydroxybutyric acid. 
it is a homodetic cyclic peptide composed of L-alanyl, L-tryptophyl, L-threonyl, L-prolylglycyl, L-leucyl and L-asparaginyl residues linked in a sequence. It is isolated from the seeds of Annona montana and has been shown to exhibit anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having xanthine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a it. It is a conjugate acid of a 5'-xanthylate(2-). 
it is an imidazolidinone-based aldosterone antagonist with potassium-sparing diuretic activity. it antagonizes aldosterone at the mineralocorticoid receptor in the kidneys, thereby increasing sodium excretion and inhibiting potassium excretion. 
Synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers to study biological membranes. It is also a major constituent of PULMONARY SURFACTANTS. 
it is a clear colorless liquids with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point 25°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a straight-chain alkane with seven carbon atoms. It has been found in Jeffrey pine (Pinus jeffreyi). It has a role as a non-polar solvent and a plant metabolite. It is a volatile organic compound and an alkane. 
JB 323 is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it anhydrous is a polyvalent chelating agent used to treat hypercalcemia and digitalis toxicity associated ventricular arrhythmias. it is the disodium salt form of edetate, a heavy metal chelating agent with anti-hypercalcemic and anti-arrhythmic properties. Edetate, a heavy metal antagonist, chelates divalent and trivalent metals, forming soluble stable complexes which are readily excreted by the kidneys, thereby can be used to lower serum calcium concentrations. In addition, this agent exerts a negative inotropic effect on the heart through a transiently induced hypocalcemic state, thereby antagonizing the inotropic and chronotropic effects of digitalis glycosides on the ventricles of the heart. Upon ocular administration, edetate exerts its ophthalmic effect by chelating calcium to form soluble complexes, thereby removing corneal calcium deposits. 
it (2-cyanaziridinyl-2-carbamoyl-aziridinyl-1-propane) is a derivative of 2-cyanaziridine. Immunostimulant which shows therapeutic effects in tumor models and experimental infections in vitro, enhancing T lymphocyte transformation and phagocytosis. The mode of action of it is unknown. It has been suggested that it may alkylate DNA. In cancer patients it increases leukocytosis, blood active T rosettes, T4/T8 ratio, and is used as an adjuvant to chemotherapy in the treatment of melanoma and myeloma. 
it is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of calcium chloride. It is a calcium salt, a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and a halide mineral. It contains a calcium dichloride. 
it is a 1,3-oxazole which is substituted by a [(2,4-dioxoimidazolidin-1-yl)imino]methyl group at position 2 and a 4-bromophenyl group at position 5. It is a muscle relaxant used for the treatment/prevention of malignant hyperthermia. It has a role as a ryanodine receptor modulator and a muscle relaxant. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles, a member of bromobenzenes and an imidazolidine-2,4-dione. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is an organic anion that is the conjugate base of losartan, obtained from the deprotonation of the tetrazole NH group. Major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a losartan. it is the potassium salt of losartan, a non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity. Losartan selectively and competitively binds to the angiotensin II receptor (type AT1) and blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the receptor, thus promoting vasodilatation and counteracting the effects of aldosterone. Converted from angiotensin I by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), angiotensin II stimulates the adrenal cortex to synthesize and secrete aldosterone, decreasing sodium excretion and increasing potassium excretion, and acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. 
it, also known as chloropeptide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hybrid peptides. Hybrid peptides are compounds containing at least two different types of amino acids (alpha, beta, gamma, delta) linked to each other through a peptide bond. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cyclochlorotine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a dicarboximide resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of 4-(1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoro-2-methoxypropan-2-yl)-3-isobutylaniline with isobutyric acid and with 1,3,5-trimethylpyrazole-4-carboxylic acid. Developed by Nihon Nohyaku Co. Ltd. (Japan), it is a pro-acaricide, with its metabolite (the -NH form lacking the isubutanoyl group) exhibiting high activity on mitochondrial complex II. It has been reported to be very effective in controlling spider mites (Tetranychus, Oligonychus, and Panonychus species) during all life stages. It is a member of pyrazoles, a dicarboximide, an organofluorine acaricide and an ether. 
it is a 3beta-sterol formed formally by loss of a methyl group from the 14-position of lanosterol. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a lanosterol. 
Pan-VEGFR/TIE2 Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) and Tie2 receptor tyrosine kinases with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. Pan-VEGFR/Tie2 tyrosine kinase inhibitor it selectively binds to VEGFR and Tie2 receptor tyrosine kinases, which may result in the inhibition of endothelial cell migration, proliferation and survival and the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and tumor cell death. VEGFR and Tie2 are frequently overexpressed by a variety of tumor cell types and play crucial roles in the regulation of angiogenesis and the maintenance of tumor blood vessels. Tie2 (tyrosine kinase with immunoglobulin-like and EGF-like domains) is activated by angiopoietin-1 (Ang-1). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a grapefruit, green, and rhubarb taste. 
it is an aryl sulfide that is thiophenol in which the hydrogen of the thiol group has been replaced by a methyl group. It is an aryl sulfide and a member of benzenes. It derives from a thiophenol. 
it is a yellow crystalline solid with a sweet musty odor. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a dinitrophenol having the nitro groups at the 2- and 5-positions. 
it appears as blue crystals with a greenish-bronze luster or a black powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic sodium salt that is the tetrasodium salt of 6,6'-{(3,3'-dimethyl[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-diyl)bis[diazene-2,1-diyl]}bis(4-amino-5-hydroxynaphthalene-1,3-disulfonate). It is sometimes used as a counterstain, especially in fluorescent methods to suppress background autofluorescence. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome, a teratogenic agent and a sodium channel blocker. It contains an it(4-). 
(2E,4E)-2,4-hexadien-1-ol is a medium-chain primary fatty alcohol that is hexan-1-ol with two trans double bonds at positions 2 and 4. It has a role as a fragrance and a flavouring agent. It is a primary allylic alcohol, a medium-chain primary fatty alcohol and an alkenyl alcohol. 
it appears as white crystals. A salt arising from the direct reaction of barium and chlorine. Toxic by ingestion. (NTP, 1992) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and breast milk. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is hydantoin substituted at position 1 by a [(5-nitro-2-furyl)methylene]amino group and at position 3 by a hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antibacterial drug and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a nitrofuran antibiotic, an imidazolidine-2,4-dione, an organonitrogen heterocyclic antibiotic and a hydrazone. It derives from a semicarbazide. it is a derivative of nitrofuran used as an antibiotic in the treatment of urinary tract infections. it is bactericidal to most gram-positive and gram-negative urinary tract pathogens. 
it is a pyrazolopyrimidine that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidine substituted by oxo groups at positions 4 and 6. It has a role as an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor and a drug metabolite. 
it appears as a clear amber-colored viscous liquid. Insoluble and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption. A synthetic household insecticide that kills flies, mosquitoes, garden insects, etc. it is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide. It derives from a chrysanthemic acid. 
it is an N-nitrosourea that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a 2-chloroethyl group and by a nitroso group, while the other nitrogen is substituted by a cyclohexyl group. An alkylating antineoplastic agent, it is used in the treatment of brain tumours, lung cancer, malignant melanoma and other solid tumours. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of N-nitrosoureas and an organochlorine compound. it is a nitrosourea with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and crosslinks DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA and RNA synthesis. This agent also carbamoylates DNA and proteins, resulting in inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis and disruption of RNA processing. it is lipophilic and crosses the blood-brain barrier. (NCI04) 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is octadecanoic acid (stearic acid) in which the hydrogens at position 2 have been replaced by an oxo group. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxooctadecanoate. 
it is a saturated fatty aldehyde formally arising from reduction of the carboxylic acid group of undecanoic acid. It is a component of essential oils from citrus plants like Citrus reticulata. It has a role as an antimycobacterial drug, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. It is a tautomer of an undec-1-en-1-ol. 
it is a benzoxadiazole that is 2,1,3-benzoxadiazole which is substituted at position 4 by chlorine and at position 7 by a nitro group. It has a role as a fluorescent probe, a fluorochrome, an EC 3.6.1.3 (adenosinetriphosphatase) inhibitor and an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. It is a benzoxadiazole, a C-nitro compound and an organochlorine compound. 
it, also known as it or fema 2882, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a fruit and green taste. 
it is a nitrotoluene that is p-nitrotoluene in which one of the hydrogens that is ortho to the methyl group has been replaced by a chlorine. A pale yellow crystalline compound that is insoluble in water but dissolves in most organic solvents, it is used in the manufacture of dyes. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a nitrotoluene. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-methionine and L-alanine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-methionine and a L-alanine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a tautomer of it that has the double bonds at positions 2 and 4. It is a it and a secondary amine. It is a tautomer of a 2H-it and a 3H-it. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthoquinones. Naphthoquinones are compounds containing a naphthohydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring linearly fused to a bezene-1, 4-dione (quinone). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it or E469, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, citronellyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a herbal, honey, and rose tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes citronellyl pentanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a phenylpropanoid that is phenol substituted by a prop-2-enyl group at position 4. It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of phenols. 
it appears as a white crystalline powder. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Decomposes at 410°F. May release toxic fumes. Moderately toxic. An irritant. Used as a dryer for paints and inks, and for dyes. Loses ammonia upon heating. 
it is a succinate dehydrogenase inhibitor originally isolated from the pathogenic fungus Helminthosposium siccans with antifungal activity. it, in a quinone-dependent manner, inhibits succinate dehydrogenase in the terminal electron transport chain thereby disrupting cellular respiration. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-(dimethylamino)pentanoic acid with the aromatic amino group of N-[(4-aminophenyl)carbamothioyl]-4-tert-butylbenzamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a Sir2 inhibitor and a p53 activator. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of thioureas and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a carboxylic ester-lactam that is a synthetic DDM (didehydroxymycobactin)-like lipopeptide. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles, a carboxylic ester, a lactam and a hydroxamic acid. 
O-nitrochlorobenzene appears as yellow crystals with an aromatic odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a C-nitro compound that is nitrobenzene in which one of the ortho- hydrogens has been replced by chlorine. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 4-oxobutanoic acid which is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 2. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(hydroxymethyl)-4-oxobutanoate. 
it, also known as 5-ethenyl-4-methyl-thiazole or fema 3313, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. it exists as a liquid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a cocoa, musty, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as onion-family vegetables, fruits, alcoholic beverages, and soft-necked garlic. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Quinupristin and it are intravenously administered, streptogramin antibiotics used in fixed combination to treat severe bacterial infections due to susceptible organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The fixed combination of quinupristin and it is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been convincingly linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a semi-synthetic derivative of streptogramin A produced by streptomycetes. it inhibits the early phase of protein synthesis in the bacterial ribosome by binding to the 70S subunit, and also alters the configuration of the ribosome to make it more susceptible for streptogramin B binding. it is used in combination with quinopristin, a streptogramin B derivative. This combination is active against most gram-positive organisms, including Enterococcus faecium, and is also active against some gram-negative organisms and mycoplasma. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Diethyldithiophosphate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phosphorodithioic acid o, o-diesters. These are organooxygen compounds that contain a phosphorodithioic acid, which is O, O-disubstituted by an organyl group. Diethyldithiophosphate has been primarily detected in urine. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the iodide salt of ammonia. It is an ammonium salt and an iodide salt. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of chloroquine, a synthetic quinoline with antimalarial and anti-inflammatory properties. Chloroquine is the most widely used drug against malaria, except for those cases caused by chloroquine resistant Plasmodium falciparum. Although the mechanism of action is not fully understood, chloroquine is shown to inhibit the parasitic enzyme heme polymerase that converts the toxic heme into non-toxic hemazoin, thereby resulting in the accumulation of toxic heme within the parasite. Chloroquine may also interfere with the biosynthesis of nucleic acids. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is isolated from the marine sponge Xestospongia exigua. It has a role as a marine metabolite, an IP3 receptor antagonist, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a macrocycle, an oxacycle, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and an alkaloid. 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
3-methylhistidine is a methylhistidine in which the methyl group is located at N-3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a methylhistidine. It is a tautomer of a 3-methylhistidine zwitterion. 
Bisantrene is a hydrazone resulting from the formal condensation of both of the aldehyde groups of anthracene-9,10-dicarbaldehyde with 2-hydrazinyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazole. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a hydrazone, a member of imidazolidines and a member of anthracenes. Bisantrene is an anthracenyl bishydrazone with antineoplastic activity. Bisantrene intercalates with and disrupts the configuration of DNA, resulting in DNA single-strand breaks, DNA-protein crosslinking, and inhibition of DNA replication. This agent is similar to doxorubicin in activity, but unlike doxorubicin, does not exhibit cardiotoxicity. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of formamides that is formamide in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a phenyl group. It is a member of formamides and an aromatic amide. It derives from a formamide. 
D-glucose 6-sulfate is a monosaccharide sulfate consisting of D-glucose having the sulfate group at the 6-position. It derives from a D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a D-glucose 6-sulfate(1-). 
Ammonium hydrogen sulfate is a colorless to white, powdered solid. It is toxic by ingestion. When heated to high temperatures, it may release toxic sulfur oxide and nitrogen oxide fumes. It is soluble in water. It is a chemical catalyst, used in hair preparations. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that is propan-1-ol with a hydrogen at each of the 3 carbon positions replaced by a carboxy group. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a tricarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a 1,4-dihydropyridine substituted with acetyl groups at C-3 and C-5 and with phenyl groups at N-1 and C-4. It is a diketone and a dihydropyridine. 
it is a monounsaturated straight-chain dicarboxylic acid with the double bond at C-2; a plant wound-healing hormone. It has a role as a plant hormone. 
Aldicarb appears as white crystals with a slightly sulfurous odor. Commercial formulations are granular Used as an insecticide, acaricide, and nematocide. (EPA, 1998) 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ethereal odor. Flash point -18°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a compound made up of a guaiacyl core with an alpha-glyceryl substituent para to the aromatic hydroxy group. It is an aromatic alcohol, a tetrol and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a glycerol. 
Ternatin, also known as ternatin A1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Ternatin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ternatin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
1-[biphenyl-4-yl(phenyl)methyl]imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles carrying an alpha-(biphenyl-4-yl)benzyl substituent at position 1. It is a member of imidazoles and a member of biphenyls. 
it is a 4-oxohex-2-enedioic acid with a Z-configuration. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a maleylacetate. 
Intercellular signaling peptides that were originally characterized by their ability to suppress NEOPLASM METASTASIS. its have since been found to play an important role in the neuroendocrine regulation of REPRODUCTION. 
it is a tricyclic diterpenoid with formula C21H28O3, originally isolated from Tripterygium hypoglaucum. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a monomethoxybenzene and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid resulting from the substitution of the 3beta-hydrogen of tomatidane by a hydroxy group. It is an azaspiro compound, an oxaspiro compound and a 3beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a tomatidane. 
it is a N-sulfonylurea that is 2-(carbamoylsulfamoyl)-N,N-dimethylpyridine-3-carboxamide substituted by a 4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl group at the amino nitrogen. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. It is a member of pyridines, a N-sulfonylurea and a member of pyrimidines. 
Lactucopicrin is an azulenofuran, a cyclic terpene ketone, an enone, a member of phenols, a sesquiterpene lactone and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a sedative and an antimalarial. It derives from a 4-hydroxyphenylacetic acid and a lactucin. 
it (T131), an orally-administered therapy, is expected to lower blood glucose in type II diabetic patients by improving the body’s ability to respond to insulin. T131 is a selective modulator of PPARg (peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma), a receptor involved in regulating the body’s ability to respond to insulin. T131 is not structurally related to the thiazolidinedione class of PPARg agonists, which includes Actos and Avandia. 
it is a clear amber colored oily liquid with a faint odor of mustard/garlic. It is not readily combustible. Its vapors are heavier than air, are very toxic, and can be absorbed through the skin. The effects from exposure to the material include blindness which may be delayed. Prolonged exposure of the container to fire or intense heat may cause it to violently rupture and rocket. it is also known as dichlorodiethyl sulfide. Bis(2-chloroethyl) sulfide is an ethyl sulfide that is diethyl sulfide in which a hydrogen from each of the terminal methyl groups is replaced by a chlorine. It is a powerful vesicant regulated under the Chemical Weapons Convention. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a vesicant and a carcinogenic agent. It is an organochlorine compound and an ethyl sulfide. it is a pale yellow, oily, highly toxic, volatile, liquid alkylating compound with a sweet to garlic-like odor that evaporates to a poisonous gas. it is a vesicant that was first used in chemical warfare in World War I, but is now only used in small amounts in research studies involving alkylating agents. Exposure to this substance is corrosive to the eyes, skin and lungs and leads to blindness and blistering of the skin and can cause severe and sometimes fatal respiratory damage. it is a mutagen and is a known carcinogen that is associated with an increased risk of developing lung and other respiratory tract cancers. (NCI05) 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt form of chlorphentermine, a chlorinated analogue of phentermine, a sympathomimetic amine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating and anorexic activity. Chlorphentermine acts by facilitating the release of catecholamines, especially noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and also inhibits their uptake. The increase in synaptic concentrations of these catecholamines causes behavioral changes including an increase in motor activity, mental alertness and excitement, causes euphoria, and suppresses appetite. 
it is a sulfone resulting from the oxidation of the sulfur atom of dibenzothiophene. It is a member of dibenzothiophenes and a sulfone. It derives from a dibenzothiophene. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
N-methyl-3-phenyl-3-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]propan-1-amine is an aromatic ether consisting of 4-trifluoromethylphenol in which the hydrogen of the phenolic hydroxy group is replaced by a 3-(methylamino)-1-phenylpropyl group. It is a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an aromatic ether and a secondary amino compound. it is a diphenhydramine derivative and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor with antidepressant, anti-anxiety, antiobsessional and antibulimic activity and with potential immunomodulating activity. Upon administration, it binds to the presynaptic serotonin (5-HT) receptor resulting in negative allosteric modulation of the receptor complex, thereby blocking recycling of serotonin by the presynaptic receptor. Inhibition of serotonin reuptake by it enhances serotonergic function through serotonin accumulation in the synaptic space, resulting in long-term desensitization and downregulation of 5-HT receptors, preventing 5-HT-mediated signaling and leading to antidepressant, anti-anxiety, antiobsessional and antibulimic effects. In addition, it may inhibit the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin-6 (IL-6). This may prevent IL-6-mediated inflammation and cytokine storm. 
it is a synthetic triglycyllysine derivative of vasopressin with vasoconstrictive, antihemorrhagic, and antidiuretic properties. Upon intravenous administration, it, an inactive prodrug, is biotransformed to its active moiety, lysine vasopressin (LVP), a nonselective vasopressin analogue with affinity for vasopressin receptors V1 (V1a), V2 and V3 (V1b). As a V1 agonist, it increases systemic vascular resistance, particularly in the splanchnic area, resulting in a decrease of portal pressure. V1 binding also promotes platelet aggregation and glycogenolysis, while V3 binding induces adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) secretion. Compared to vasopressin, it has a minimal effect on V2 receptors, which are responsible for promotion of water reabsorption in the collecting ducts of the kidney via stimulation of cyclic AMP production. 
Ethyl-n-cyclohexylamine appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Floats on water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it appears as colorless to pale yellow liquid with a strong, slightly unpleasant odor. Flash point approximately 164°F. Denser than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Vapors may irritate the nose, throat and respiratory tract. Ingestion or inhalation may cause central nervous system depression. Liquid contact may severely irritate the eyes and skin. Prolonged contact with the skin may cause defatting and drying. 
Acetylursolic acid, also known as acetylursolate or ursolic acid acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Acetylursolic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, acetylursolic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, acetylursolic acid can be found in a number of food items such as tea, japanese persimmon, common verbena, and rosemary. This makes acetylursolic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Trans-methylferulate is a cinnamate ester that is the methyl ester of ferulic acid. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cinnamate ester, a methyl ester and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a ferulic acid. 
it is a colorless oily liquid, odorless to a faint onion-like odor. It is very toxic by inhalation. It is a combustible liquid and has a flash point of 182°F. It is slightly soluble in water and decomposed by water to give sulfuric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It is a potent methylating agent. it is the dimethyl ester of sulfuric acid. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an immunosuppressive agent. it is an odorless, corrosive, oily liquid with an onion-like odor that emits toxic fumes upon heating. it is used in industry as a methylating agent in the manufacture of many organic chemicals. Inhalation exposure to its vapors is highly irritating to the eyes and lungs and may cause damage to the liver, kidney, heart and central nervous system, while dermal contact causes severe blistering. It is a possible mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
it is an organoammonium sulfate salt and an azaheterocycle sulfate salt. It has a role as a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an anticoagulant. It contains a clopidogrel. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain, Neoplasms, and Chronic Pain. it is an orally available benzenoid that acts as an opioid peptide receptor agonist for the nociceptin/orphanin FQ peptide receptor (opioid receptor like -1; OPRL1; ORL-1; NOP; kappa-type 3 opioid receptor) and the classical opioid receptors, mu, delta and kappa, with potential anti-nociceptive activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to NOP and the mu, delta and kappa opioid receptors, which enhances NOP- and opioid receptor-mediated signaling, interferes with the sensation of pain and results in an analgesic effect. NOP, a member of the opioid receptor family, and its endogenous ligand nociceptin play key roles in the regulation of various brain activities including pain, and some inflammatory and immune responses. 
N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysine dihydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt prepared from N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysine and two equivalents of hydrogen chloride. A selective inhibitor of inducible nitric oxide synthase. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It contains a N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysinium(2+). 
Small colorless crystals. Denser than water. Contact may cause severe irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make electric storage batteries, soaps, and lubricants. 
it appears as white or almost-white crystalline powder. Odorless with a bitter numbing taste. pH (5% aqueous solution) 4-6. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of diphenhydramine, an ethanolamine and first-generation histamine antagonist with anti-allergic activity. it competitively blocks H1receptors, thereby preventing the actions of histamine on bronchial smooth muscle, capillaries, and gastrointestinal (GI) smooth muscle. This prevents histamine-induced bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, and GI smooth muscle spasms. 
it appears as a yellow to brown colored oily liquid with a fishlike odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Flash point 150°F. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption. Used to make dyes and as a solvent. it is a tertiary amine that is aniline in which the amino hydrogens are replaced by two methyl groups. It is a tertiary amine and a it. 
it is an acridine derivative with potential cytostatic and antitumor activities. Although the exact mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it induces the unwinding of supercoiled DNA and binds to the DNA through intercalation, forming drug-DNA adducts and DNA interstrand crosslinks. This inhibits RNA synthesis, protein production, cell growth, DNA replication and cell proliferation; altogether, this may promote apoptosis. Since cancer cells have increased metabolism and proliferate at an increased rate, it may induce tumor cell apoptosis. 
it, also known as R 18, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diphenylmethanes. Diphenylmethanes are compounds containing a diphenylmethane moiety, which consists of a methane wherein two hydrogen atoms are replaced by two phenyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a benzoxadiazole that is 2,1,3-benzoxadiazole which is substituted at positions 4 and 7 by (5-carboxypentyl)amino and nitro groups, respectively. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a benzoxadiazole, a C-nitro compound, a secondary amino compound and an epsilon-amino acid. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1H-benzimidazole in which the hydrogen at position 5 is substituted by a methyl group. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-benzimidazole. 
it is a brown crystalline solid. Non corrosive. Used as an insecticide. it is a carbamate ester that consists of 2,3,5-trimethylphenol carrying an O-(N-methylcarbamoyl) group. One of two constituents of trimethacarb. It has a role as an agrochemical and an insecticide. It derives from a 2,3,5-trimethylphenol. 
it is the 1-O-phospho derivative of alpha-D-glucuronic acid. It is a member of glucuronic acids and a D-glucuronic acid 1-phosphate. It derives from an alpha-D-glucuronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-phosphonato-alpha-D-glucuronate(3-). 
it is an organochlorine compound with insecticidal activity. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant and an insecticide. It is an organochlorine compound and a cyclic ketone. it is a very stable, colorless, odorless, synthetic chlorinated polycyclic hydrocarbon that is a degradation product of Mirex. it has been used as an insecticide on bananas, non-bearing citrus trees, tobacco, lawns and flowers. Exposure to this substance causes neurological symptoms, such as tremors and slurred speech. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
2, 4-Dimethylthiophene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2, 4-Dimethylthiophene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethylthiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 4-dimethylthiophene can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes 2, 4-dimethylthiophene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a mycolate ester formed by esterification of (2R)-2-{(1R)-1-hydroxy-15-[2-(20-methoxy-21-methylnonatriacontyl)cyclopropyl]pentadecyl}hexacosanoic acid with the 1-OH of glycerol. It has a role as an antigen. It derives from a glycerol and a (2R)-2-{(1R)-1-hydroxy-15-[2-(20-methoxy-21-methylnonatriacontyl)cyclopropyl]pentadecyl}hexacosanoic acid. 
it is a piperidine compound having a (2-thienyl)ethyl substituent at the 1-position, a methyl group at the 3-position and an N-phenylpropanamido group at the 4-position. It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It is a member of piperidines, a member of thiophenes, an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
Alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-alpha-D-GalpA is a alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-D-GalpA in which the anomeric hydroxy group has alpha- configuration. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-alpha-D-GalpA(2-). 
it is a naphthoquinone that is naphthalene-1,4-dione substituted by a methoxy group at position 2. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and a plant metabolite. It is an enol ether and a member of 1,4-naphthoquinones. 
it is an orally available tricyclic beta-lactam (trinem) antibiotic, with broad-spectrum activity against gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. it has high stability to many beta-lactamases. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, 2, 6-dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. 2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol has a melon taste. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is 3-phenyl-4H-chromen-4-one which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7 and chloro groups at positions 2' and 4'. It is a SIRT1 activator. It is a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is cyclohepta-2,4,6-trien-1-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2 and an isopropyl group at position 4. Isolated from Thuja plicata and Chamaecyparis obtusa, it exhibits antimicrobial activities. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antibacterial agent, an antiplasmodial drug, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is an enol, a cyclic ketone and a monoterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a cyclohepta-1,3,5-triene. 
it is a dibenzoazepine that is 5H-dibenzo[b,f]azepine carrying a carbamoyl substituent at the azepine nitrogen, used as an anticonvulsant. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, a mitogen, a glutamate transporter activator, an antimanic drug, an analgesic, a non-narcotic analgesic, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a drug allergen and a sodium channel blocker. It is a dibenzoazepine and a member of ureas. it is a tricyclic compound chemically related to tricyclic antidepressants (TCA) with anticonvulsant and analgesic properties. it exerts its anticonvulsant activity by reducing polysynaptic responses and blocking post-tetanic potentiation. Its analgesic activity is not understood; however, it is commonly used to treat pain associated with trigeminal neuralgia. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monohydroxyflavonoids. These are flavonoids that bear one hydroxyl group on the flavonoid skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a biphenylyltetrazole that is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an angiotensin receptor antagonist, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a biphenylyltetrazole and an azaspiro compound. it is a nonpeptide angiotensin II antagonist with antihypertensive activity. it selectively and competitively blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the angiotensin I receptor. Angiotensin II stimulates aldosterone synthesis and secretion by adrenal cortex, which decreases the excretion of sodium and increases the excretion of potassium. Angiotensin II also acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. (NCI05) 
Nabiximols (tradename Sativex®) is a whole plant extract from the Cannabis species Cannabis sativa L. that has been purified into the active components CBD (cannabidiol) and THC (delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol). For trademark purposes, purified CBD is branded as Nabidiolex®, while THC is purified as the product Tetrabinex®. Sativex® is available in a 1:1 formulation of THC:CBD as an oro-mucosal pump spray used for treatment of neuropathic pain from Multiple Sclerosis (MS) and for intractable cancer pain. Although still largely debated, Cannabis has been shown to have analgesic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, anxiolytic, neuroprotective, anti-oxidant, and anti-psychotic activity.   From a pharmacological perspective, Cannabis' diverse receptor profile explains its potential application for such a wide variety of medical conditions. Cannabis contains more than 400 different chemical compounds, of which 61 are considered it, a class of compounds that act upon cannabinoid receptors of the body. Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) are two types of it found naturally in the resin of the marijuana plant, both of which interact with the cannabinoid receptors found in the human body. While both CBD and THC are used for medicinal purposes, they have different receptor activity, function, and physiological effects. While cannabis in its natural plant form is currently used \ 
it is an omega-amino fatty acid that is dodecanoic acid in which one of the terminal amino hydrogens has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an omega-amino fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of lauric (dodecanoic) acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the therapy of hypertension and heart failure. it is associated with a low rate of transient serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and has been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. it is a phosphinic acid-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As an ester prodrug, it is hydrolysed by esterases to its active metabolite itat. itat specifically and competitively inhibits angiotensin-converting enzyme thereby decreasing the formation of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II, resulting in diminished vasopressor activity. In addition, angiotensin II-mediated aldosterone secretion by adrenal cortex is decreased, which results in a decrease of sodium retention and an increase in water outflow. 
it is an aspidosperma alkaloid that is the methyl ester of 2,3-didehydroaspidospermidine-3-carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (-)-vincadifformine. 
it is a monohydroxyproline where the hydroxy group is located at the 4-position. It is found in fibrillar collagen. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxyprolinate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the sulfate salt form of netilimicin, a semisynthetic, water soluble aminoglycoside antibiotic. Netilmicin is derived from sisomicin, a naturally occurring aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the fermentation of Micromonospora inyoensis. Netilmicin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, netilmicin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it is a 2-deoxy-D-glucose that is D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been replaced by a hydrogen. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a D-glucopyranose. 
it, also known as Γ-dodecalactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as citrus, cereals and cereal products, milk and milk products, and green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carotenol that is a natural xanthophyll pigment. It was formerly used as a food colourant (E161d), but approval for this purpose has been withdrawn throughout the European Union. It has a role as a food colouring and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a gamma-carotene. 
it is a mesylate salt form of atevirdine, a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. Atevirdine is active against AZT-resistant virus strains. 
it appears as an odorless pale yellow to white crystalline solid. It is appreciably soluble in water and heavier, so may be expected to sink and dissolve at a rapid rate. Although it is not itself flammable, the solid product and even 30% solutions in water are powerful oxidizing agents. Contact with wood, organic matter, ammonium salts, sulfur, sulfuric acid, various metals, and other chemicals may result in fires or explosions, particularly if any solid materials are finely divided. Excessive heat, as in fires, may cause evolution of oxygen gas that may increase the intensity of fires and may also result in explosions. Mixtures with combustible materials are very flammable and may be ignited by friction. It is used for making herbicides, explosives, dyes, matches, inks, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, defoliants, paper, and leather. it is an inorganic sodium salt that has chlorate as the counter-ion. An oxidising agent, it is used for bleaching paper and as a herbicide. It is also used in the manufacture of dyes, explosives and matches. It has a role as a herbicide. It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorate salt. 
1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)propyl]1,2,4-triazole is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1,2,4-triazole substituted at position 1 by a 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)propyl group. It is a member of triazoles, a dichlorobenzene, an ether and an organofluorine compound. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fragrant odor. Moderately toxic. Flash point 14°F. Vapors heavier than air. it is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of acetic acid with methanol. A low-boiling (57 ℃) colourless, flammable liquid, it is used as a solvent for many resins and oils. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, a fragrance and an EC 3.4.19.3 (pyroglutamyl-peptidase I) inhibitor. It is an acetate ester, a methyl ester and a volatile organic compound. 
Abscission-accelerating plant growth substance isolated from young cotton fruit, leaves of sycamore, birch, and other plants, and from potatoes, lemons, avocados, and other fruits. 
A glycine-rich, heat-labile serum glycoprotein that contains a component of the C3 CONVERTASE ALTERNATE PATHWAY (C3bBb). Bb, a serine protease, is generated when it is cleaved by COMPLEMENT FACTOR D into Ba and Bb. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid that is the L-isomer of it. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a biomarker, a micronutrient, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a glutamine family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, an it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-argininium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a L-argininate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. it is an essential amino acid in juvenile humans, it is a complex amino acid, often found at active site in proteins and enzymes due to its amine-containing side chain. it may prevent or treat heart and circulatory diseases, combat fatigue, and stimulate the immune system. It also boosts production of nitric oxide, relaxing blood vessels, and treating angina and other cardiovascular problems. it is also an important intermediate in the urea cycle and in detoxification of nitrogenous wastes. (NCI04) 
it is morpholine substituted at nitrogen by a 2-nitrobutyl group. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an allergen. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of proline, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a proline. 
it is the sodium salt of a mixture of oligomers formed by ether and ester linkages of up to eight porphyrin units with photodynamic activity. Absorbed selectively by tumor cells, porfimer produces oxygen radicals after activation by 630 nm wavelength laser light, resulting in tumor cell cytotoxicity. In addition, tumor cell death may occur due to ischemic necrosis secondary to vascular occlusion that appears to be partly mediated by the release of thromboxane A2. 
it is a sapogenin that is olean-12-en-28-oic acid substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3 and an oxo group at position 23. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a sapogenin, an aldehyde and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an oleanolic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a macrolide consisting resulting from the formal lactonisation of the carboxy group of (2E,4E,6R,7S,8S,10E,12E,14S,15R,16S,17R,18S)-18-[(2R,4R,5S,6R)-4-{[(2E)-3-carboxyprop-2-enoyl]oxy}-2-hydroxy-5,6-dimethyltetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-yl]-7,15,17-trihydroxy-14-methoxy-2,4,6,8,10,16-hexamethylnonadeca-2,4,10,12-tetraenoic acid with the hydroxy group at position 15. It is active against SV40 tumour cells, and inhibits the growth of solid tumour-derived cell lines such as DLD-1 human colon cancer cells with increased cells in G1 and S phases. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide, a cyclic hemiketal, a member of oxanes, a secondary alcohol, an enoate ester, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and an ether. 
2,2'-piperazine-1,4-diylbisethanesulfonic acid is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 6.8 at 20 ℃. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,2'-piperazine-1,4-diylbisethanesulfonate. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as para cresols. Para cresols are compounds containing a para cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing one hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 4. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products and coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a tertiary amino compound that is piperazine substituted by a benzyl group at position 1. It is a serotonergic agonist used as a recreational drug. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a psychotropic drug and a serotonergic agonist. 
it is one of the primary bleomycin species in bleomycin sulfate, a mixture of the sulfate salts of glycopeptide bleomycin A2 and B2 isolated from Streptomyces verticillus with potential antineoplastic activity. it forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid melting at 49°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is an organochlorine compound comprising acetic acid carrying two chloro substituents at the 2-position. It occurs in nature in seaweed, Asparagopsis taxiformis. It has a role as an astringent and a marine metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dichloroacetate. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt form of benzphetamine, a sympathomimetic amine related to the synthetic agent amphetamine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating and anorexic properties. Benzphetamine stimulates the release of certain catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and inhibits their uptake. The increase in synaptic concentrations of these catecholamines causes behavioral changes including euphoria, an increase in mental alertness and excitement, and suppresses appetite. 
it is a dihydropterin that is monapterin dihydrogenated at positions 7 and 8. It is a dihydropterin and a member of neopterins. 
it is an unsaturated fatty acid, a carbocyclic fatty acid and an oxo carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (15Z)-12-oxophyto-10,15-dienoate. 
it is the 2-dehydro-3-deoxy derivative of D-gluconic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a ketoaldonic acid and a hexonic acid. It derives from a D-gluconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-gluconate. 
it, also known as it or allyl hexahydrophenylbutyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl cyclohexanebutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fatty, fruity, and pineapple taste. 
it is a metal sulfate in which the counterion is lithium and the ratio of lithium to sulfate is 2:1. It has a role as an antidepressant. It contains a lithium(1+). 
it is a carbazole alkaloid that is 9H-carbazole substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2, a methyl group at position 6 and a prenyl group at position 3. Isolated from Murraya siamensis, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is a carbazole alkaloid and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydride of a 9H-carbazole. 
it, also known as it or pyridine, 1-propyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it exists as a liquid, soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fatty, green, and nutty taste. 
it is a member of the class of resorcinols carrying an additional 2-phenylethyl substituent at position 5. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a member of resorcinols and a diphenylethane. 
Alanyl-glutamic acid, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Alanyl-glutamic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Alanyl-glutamic acid has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a pentahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 2', 4' and 5'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
An antiprotozoal agent produced by Streptomyces cinnamonensis. It exerts its effect during the development of first-generation trophozoites into first-generation schizonts within the intestinal epithelial cells. It does not interfere with hosts' development of acquired immunity to the majority of coccidial species. Monensin is a sodium and proton selective ionophore and is widely used as such in biochemical studies. 
it is a second-generation sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Like other sulfonylureas, it exerts extra-pancreatic activity, such as increased binding of insulin to insulin receptors on adipocytes. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of (S)-2-methylbutyric acid with the hydroxy group adjacent to the ring junction of (3R,5R)-7-[(1S,2S,6S,8S,8aR)-6,8-dihydroxy-2-methyl-1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydronaphthalen-1-yl]-3,5-dihydroxyheptanoic acid. Derived from microbial transformation of mevastatin, it is a reversible inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA). The sodium salt is used for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease. It is one of the lower potency statins, but has the advantage of fewer side effects compared with lovastatin and simvastatin. It has a role as a metabolite, an anticholesteremic drug, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a carboxylic ester, a secondary alcohol, a carbobicyclic compound and a statin (semi-synthetic). It derives from a (3R,5R)-7-[(1S,2S,6S,8S,8aR)-6,8-dihydroxy-2-methyl-1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydronaphthalen-1-yl]-3,5-dihydroxyheptanoic acid and a (S)-2-methylbutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a synthetic lipid-lowering agent. it competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. it lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses by suppressing MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. (NCI04) 
it is a proprietary small molecule therapeutic, originally discovered by Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany. it was originally developed to treat peripheral pain such as arthritis. it is an orally administered agent that acts as a kappa opioid receptor agonist. It has shown encouraging clinical efficacy for the treatment of IBS in a barostat study in IBS patients and has the potential for treating other gastrointestinal diseases. 
it is a colorless liquid with odor of anise. Insoluble in water. Isolated from rind of persea gratissima grath. and from oil of estragon. Found in oils of Russian anise, basil, fennel turpentine, tarragon oil, anise bark oil. (NTP, 1992) 
it appears as colorless deliquescent crystals. Mp: 45°C; bp: 260°C. Density: 1.282 g cm-3. Quite soluble in water (77 g / 100 g solution at 15°C). Soluble in butanol, methyl ethyl ketone, ethyl acetate, alcohols, phenols, amines, ethers. Note: The term \ it is a nitrile that is hydrogen cyanide in which the hydrogen has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor. It is a nitrile and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
N-methylproline is an L-proline derivative obtained by replacement of the amino hydrogen by a methyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a L-proline derivative and a tertiary amino compound. It is a tautomer of a N-methylproline zwitterion. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of dichloroacetic acid. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a dichloroacetic acid. 
it is a 5alpha-androstane compound having 3alpha-acetoxy-, 17beta-acetoxy-, 2beta-piperidino- and 16beta-N-methylpiperidinium substituents. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a neuromuscular agent, a muscle relaxant and a drug allergen. It is an androstane, a quaternary ammonium ion and an acetate ester. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. it is a synthetic, intermediate-acting mono-quaternary steroid and non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent, with muscle relaxant activity. it competitively binds to and blocks the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor at the neuromuscular junction, thereby preventing acetylcholine (ACh) binding and resulting in skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. it has a shorter duration of action than pancuronium. 
ABT-089 is a neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist that may have therapeutic utility for the treatment of several neurological disorders including Alzheimer, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Schizophrenia/Schizoaffective disorders. In radioligand binding studies, ABT-089 has shown selectivity toward the alpha4beta2 nAChR subtype as compared to the alpha7 and alpha1beta1deltagamma nAChR subtypes. Neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) modulate the release of several important neurotransmitters, such as acetylcholine and dopamine. 
it is an N-acyl-L-amino acid that is the N-heptanoyl derivative of L-homoserine. It is a non-proteinogenic amino acid derivative and a N-acyl-L-amino acid. It derives from a L-homoserine. 
Haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. Haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a fluoroalkane that is hexane in which all of the hydrogens have been replaced by fluorines. It has a role as a radioopaque medium and a non-polar solvent. It is a fluorocarbon, a fluoroalkane and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. it is a fluorinated hydrocarbon and gaseous substance used as an imaging contrast agent in echocardiogram. After administration in microsphere form, perflexane increases ultrasound reflectivity of blood. This leads to an improvement of ultrasound signaling. 
it is the it derived from ethylene glycol. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a tautomer of a (Z)-1,2-ethenediol. 
it is a tripeptide composed of glycine, L-proline and 3-hydroxy-L-proline units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glycine, a L-proline and a 3-hydroxy-L-proline. 
it is n-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)acetamide in which the hydrogen of the phenolic hydroxy group is substituted by a 3-(isopropylaminoamino)-2-hydroxypropyl group. A selective beta blocker, it has been used in the emergency treatment of cardiac arrhythmias. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a propanolamine, a member of ethanolamines, a secondary alcohol, a member of acetamides and a secondary amino compound. 
2, 4, 4-Trimethylcyclopentanone, also known as arylsulfonamide 11C, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 2, 4, 4-Trimethylcyclopentanone is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4, 4-trimethylcyclopentanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 4, 4-trimethylcyclopentanone can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes 2, 4, 4-trimethylcyclopentanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a cyanoamino acid that is the 3-cyano-derivative of L-alanine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a cyanoamino acid and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-cyano-L-alaninate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
2, 3-Dimethylpyrazine, also known as fema 3271 or 2, 3-DMP pyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 3-Dimethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 3-dimethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 3-Dimethylpyrazine is an almond, butter, and caramel tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, nuts, brassicas, and milk and milk products. This makes 2, 3-dimethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dipeptide, a dithioketal, an azaspiro compound, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an ethyl ester, a tertiary carboxamide, a secondary amino compound and a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid. It has a role as a prodrug, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and an antihypertensive agent. It derives from a itat. it is a prodrug and non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it is converted in the body to its active metabolite itat. itat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. itat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it, also known as 2-methyl-3-mercaptotetrahydrofuran or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanthiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a beef, chicken, and meat taste. 
it is a poly(ethylene glycol) derivative that is poly(ethylene glycol) in which one of the terminal hydroxy groups has been converted into the corresponding p-(2,4,4-trimethylpentan-3-yl)phenyl ether. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. 
The glycopeptide antibiotics are semisynthetic macromolecules that are structurally related to vancomycin and have antibacterial activity against several gram positive organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Three lipoglycopeptide antibiotics are available for use in the United States: dalbavancin, oritavancin and telavancin. All three agents have been associated with transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but they have yet to be linked convincingly to cases of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02175121 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics And Pharmacodynamics Study of it as Oral Monotherapy To Treat Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus). 
it is a piperidine-based anti-histamine compound. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. It is a member of piperidines and a tertiary amine. It derives from an isobutyric acid. it is a second generation, long-lasting selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist with antiinflammatory property. it is a highly selective and reversible competitor at peripheral H1 histamine receptors in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, blood vessels, and bronchial smooth muscle. This agent interferes with mediators release from mast cells either by inhibiting calcium ion influx across mast cell/basophil plasma membrane or by inhibiting intracellular calcium ion release within the cells. In addition it may also inhibit the late-phase allergic reaction by acting on leukotrienes or prostaglandins, or by producing an anti-platelet activating factor effect. Overall, this agent blocks the actions of endogenous histamine, thereby leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms associated with histamine and achieve effects such as decreased vascular permeability, reduction of pruritus and localized smooth muscle relaxation. 
4,4&#39;-diaminodiphenylmethane appears as a tan flake or lump solid with a faint fishlike odor. May be toxic by inhalation or ingestion, and may be irritating to skin. Insoluble in water. it is an aromatic amine that is diphenylmethane substituted at the 4-position of each benzene ring by an amino group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and an allergen. It derives from a hydride of a diphenylmethane. 
it is an oligopeptide composed of L-asparagine, L-proline, L-valine, L-valine, L-histidine, L-phenylalanine, L-phenylalanine, L-lysine, L-asparagine, L-isoleucine, L-valine, L-threonine, L-proline, L-arginine, L-threonine, L-proline, L-proline, L-proline and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. 
it appears as white or yellowish-white to pale orange fine crystalline powder. Odorless. Aqueous solution is acidic. Colorless to pH 8.5; pink to deep-red above pH 9. Colorless in presence of large amounts of alkali. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of phenols. It derives from a 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one. it is an organic compound used as a laboratory reagent and pH indicator. it exerts laxative effects by stimulating the intestinal mucosa and constricting smooth muscles. However, it is no longer used as a laxative due to the suspected carcinogenicity of this compound. 
it is a phlorotannin isolated from a brown alga Ecklonia cava which exhibits antioxidant, hepatoprotective and anticoagulant activities. It has a role as a metabolite, a radical scavenger, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, a hepatoprotective agent and an anticoagulant. It is a phlorotannin, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
An antihypertensive agent that acts by inhibiting selectively transmission in post-ganglionic adrenergic nerves. It is believed to act mainly by preventing the release of norepinephrine at nerve endings and causes depletion of norepinephrine in peripheral sympathetic nerve terminals as well as in tissues. 
it is a methanesulfonate (mesylate) salt prepared from equimolar amounts of trovafloxacin and methanesulfonic acid. A broad-spectrum antibiotic that was withdrawn from the market due to risk of liver failure. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a topoisomerase IV inhibitor. It contains a trovafloxacin(1+). 
it is a trifluoroacetate salt of ovine corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH), a 41 amino acids peptide similar to human CRH, used as a diagnostic agent. it is a potent stimulator of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), secreted from the anterior pituitary gland. In turn, ACTH stimulates cortisol production from the adrenal cortex and is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. it is used as a diagnostic tool in differentiating pituitary and ectopic production of ACTH. 
N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enimidic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives. Hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives are compounds containing an cinnamic acid (or a derivative thereof) where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enimidic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Bis(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl) disulfide, also known as 3, 3'-dithiobis(2, 5-dimethyl-furan or fema 3476, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. Bis(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl) disulfide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, bis(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl) disulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Bis(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl) disulfide has a meaty taste. 
it is a pyridinium ion that is 1-methylpyridinium substituted by a (hydroxyimino)methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a cholinergic drug, a cholinesterase reactivator, an antidote to organophosphate poisoning and an antidote to sarin poisoning. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an epoxide obtained by formal epoxidation of the double bond in the cyclohexene moiety of queuine. It is an epoxide and a pyrrolopyrimidine. It derives from a queuine. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 1, 3 and 3 respectively. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of nitric acid and ethylamine. First prepared in 1914, it was one of the first ionic liquids found that had a melting point below room temperature (m.p. 12℃). It has a role as a protic solvent. It is an organoammonium salt and an ionic liquid. It contains an ethylaminium and a nitrate. 
it is a phenolic analogue of tamoxifen, a nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). it competitively inhibits the binding of estradiol to estrogen receptors, thereby preventing the receptor from binding to the estrogen-response element on DNA. The result is a reduction in DNA synthesis and cellular response to estrogen. (NCI) 
it is a phenyl acetate obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of acetic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of hydroquinone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an acetate ester and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a hydroquinone. 
it appears as a colorless, oily liquid with a pungent honey-like odor. Flash point 87°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used in paint removers, as a solvent for plastics, and as an insect repellent. it, 9CI is an olefinic compound. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic that is (1S,3S)-3-ethyl-3,5,12-trihydroxy-10-methoxy-6,11-dioxo-1,2,3,4,6,11-hexahydrotetracene having a 3-amino-2,3,6-trideoxy-alpha-L-lyxo-hexopyranosyl residue attached at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. It is an aminoglycoside antibiotic, an anthracycline, a deoxy hexoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is chlorpromazine in which the acyclic tertiary amino group has been converted into the corresponding N-oxide. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound, a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amine oxide. It derives from a chlorpromazine. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid isolated from Dracocephalum komarovii and has been shown to exhibit trypanocidal activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a trypanocidal drug. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, a bridged compound, a lactol and a member of p-quinones. 
it is an imidazoquinoxaline that is 3H-imidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline substituted at positions 3 and 8 by methyl groups and at position 2 by an amino group. A mutagenic compound found in cooked beef. It has a role as a mutagen, a carcinogenic agent, a genotoxin and a Maillard reaction product. It is an imidazoquinoxaline and an aromatic amine. it is a synthetic, pale orange to brown crystalline solid that is soluble in dimethylsulfoxide and methanol. It is produced in small quantities for research purposes. it is formed naturally during the cooking of muscle-derived foods (meat and fish). Levels of this chemical produced in this manner are dependent on cooking temperature, cooking time and method of cooking (direct or indirect). It is one of the most abundant heterocyclic amines in a typical Western diet. it has also been detected in processed food flavorings, beer, wine, and cigarette smoke. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
Tubocurarine Chloride is the chloride salt form of tubocurarine, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. Tubocurarine chloride competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it, also known as allocohep or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl octanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, banana, and butter taste. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid bearing oxo and 2-thienyl groups at position 4. It has a role as a hapten. It is a member of thiophenes and a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a butyric acid. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-glucose as the sugar component. It is an intermediate in dTDP-rhamnose biosynthesis. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a dTDP-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of azobenzenes that is azobenzene in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted at the para position by an anilino group, while the other is substituted at a meta position by a sulfo group. The monosodium salt is the biological stain 'metanil yellow'. It is an arenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic amine. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-[(4-anilinophenyl)diazenyl]benzene-1-sulfonate. 
it is a biaryl resulting from the formal oxidative dimerisation of two molecules of 5-hydroxy-6,8-dimethoxy-2-methyl-4H-benzo[g]chromen-4-one to form a single bond linking position 10 of each moiety (the 10Ra enantiomer). It has a role as a mycotoxin, an Aspergillus metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a biaryl, a benzochromenone and a member of phenols. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is valeric acid substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a keto group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-leucine residues. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine. 
NAD(+) is the oxidised form of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide found in all living cells. In metabolism, NAD(+) is involved in redox reactions, carrying electrons from one reaction to another. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. It is a NAD(P)(+) and a NAD. It derives from a deamido-NAD(+). It is a conjugate acid of a NAD zwitterion and a NAD(1-). 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2 and 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an allergen. It derives from a hydride of a benzoic acid. 
A potent vasoactive agent that dilates cerebral and coronary arteries, but slightly constricts femoral arteries, without any effects on heart rate, blood pressure or cardiac output. 
it is an aryl beta-D-glucoside that is salicin in which the hydrogen of the 2-hydroxy group is replaced by a benzoyl group. It is found in the leaves and bark of willows and poplars. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzyl alcohols, a benzoate ester, a monosaccharide derivative, an aryl beta-D-glucoside and an aromatic primary alcohol. It derives from a salicin. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate having uracil as the nucleobase. It is a deoxyuridine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate. It derives from a 3'-UMP. 
Tamarixetin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the flavonoid backbone. Tamarixetin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Tamarixetin has been primarily detected in urine. Outside of the human body, tamarixetin can be found in tea. This makes tamarixetin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
3-(3-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 3-(3-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as monosteol or 1, 2-propanediol monostearate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, propylene glycol stearate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a five-membered monocyclic heteroarene composed of four CH units and one selenium atom. The parent of the class of its. It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene and a member of its. 
Cedryl acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cedrane and isocedrane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiternoids with a structure based on the cedrane or the isocedrane skeleton. Cedrane is a tricyclic molecules a 3, 6, 8, 8-tetramethyl-1H-3a, 7-methano-azulene moiety. Isocedrane is a rearranged cedrane arising from the migration of methyl group moved from the 6-position to the 4-position. Cedryl acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cedryl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Cedryl acetate has a cedar, dry, and sharp taste. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid that is isopropanol which is substituted at position 2 by a (3S,4S)-3-isopropenyl-4-methyl-4-vinylcyclohexyl group. It has a role as a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
it anhydrous is a hydrochloride that is the anhydrous dihydrochloride salt of pramipexole. It has a role as a dopamine agonist and an antiparkinson drug. It contains a pramipexole(2+). it is the hydrochloride salt of pramipexole, a benzothiazole derivative. As a nonergot dopamine agonist, pramipexole binds to D2 and D3 dopamine receptors in the striatum and substantia nigra of the brain. Compared to other dopamine agonists, the use of this agent may be associated with fewer dyskinetic side effects in treated subjects. (NCI04) 
it is a secondary amino compound having methyl and 3-(2-methylphenoxy)-3-phenylpropan-1-yl substituents. It has a role as an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an antidepressant, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound and a member of toluenes. 
Emetine dihydrochloride hydrate is a hydrate that is the monohydrate of the dihydrochloride salt of emetine. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antineoplastic agent, an antiprotozoal drug, an antiviral agent, an autophagy inhibitor, an emetic, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a hydrate and a hydrochloride. It contains an emetine dihydrochloride. 
Etoposide and teniposide are semisynthetic analogues of podophyllotoxin that are used as antineoplastic agents in the therapy of several forms of solid tumors, leukemia and lymphoma, usually in combination with other agents. Both etoposide and teniposide are associated with an appreciable rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and high doses have been implicated in causing clinically apparent acute liver injury including sinusoidal obstruction syndrome. Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. Teniposide forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is a macrolide antibiotic that is biosynthesised by Streptomyces venezuelae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative and an enone. It derives from a narbonolide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a urate(1-). It is a conjugate base of a 7H-purine-2,6,8-triol. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6,8-trioxo-3,6,8,9-tetrahydro-2H-purine-1,7-diide. It is a tautomer of a 6,8-dioxo-6,7,8,9-tetrahydro-1H-purin-2-olate, a it and a 2,6-dioxo-2,3,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-purin-8-olate. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-beta-L-rhamnose as the sugar component. It is an intermediate in dTDP-rhamnose biosynthesis. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cardenolide glycosides and derivatives. Cardenolide glycosides and derivatives are compounds containing a carbohydrate glycosidically bound to the cardenolide moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, dihydrodigoxin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03174795 (A Study to Investigate the Pharmacokinetics of RO7079901 and Meropenem in Participants With a Complicated Urinary Tract Infection). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpiperazines. Phenylpiperazines are compounds containing a phenylpiperazine skeleton, which consists of a piperazine bound to a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, hydroxyitraconazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of piperidines that is 3-(piperidin-1-yl)propan-1-ol in which one of the hydrogen atoms at the 1-position is substituted by cyclopentyl, and the other is substituted by phenyl. A central anticholinergic, it is used as its hydrochloride salt in the management and treatment of Parkinson's disease. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a muscarinic antagonist and an antidyskinesia agent. It is a tertiary alcohol, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is the prodrug of fluphenazine, an antipsychotic drug used for the symptomatic management of psychosis in patients with schizophrenia. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug, a prodrug and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a member of phenothiazines, a decanoate ester, an organofluorine compound and a N-alkylpiperazine. It derives from a fluphenazine. it is the decanoate salt form of fluphenazine, a phenothiazine with antipsychotic activity. it exerts its actions by blocking postsynaptic dopamine D2 receptors in the limbic, cortical system and basal ganglia. This prevents the actions of dopamine, thereby reducing the hallucinations and delusions that are associated with schizophrenia. 
2-hydroxy-17beta-estradiol is a 2-hydroxy steroid that consists of 17beta-estradiol having an additional hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a prodrug, a metabolite, a carcinogenic agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. it is a metabolite formed during the metabolism of 17beta-estradiol by hydroxylation of the carbon at position 2 by the CYP450 enzymes 1A1/1A2. Theoretically, it (2-OHE2) is able to undergo redox cycling, which generates active radicals and induces DNA damage; however, this estradiol metabolite is very unstable in vivo and is quickly inactivated by catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT)-mediated O-methylation and converted to 2-methoxyestradiol (2-MeE2). 2-MeE2 exerts antineoplastic activities through its estrogen receptor antagonistic effect and the induction of apoptosis in susceptible cancer cells. 
it is a member of the class of 1-pyrroline nitrones (1-pyrroline N-oxides) resulting from the formal N-oxidation of 5,5-dimethyl-1-pyrroline. Used as a spin trap for the study of radicals formed by enzymatic acetaldehyde oxidation. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and a spin trapping reagent. 
it is an organoboron compound that is diphenylborane in which the borane hydrogen is replaced by a 2-aminoethoxy group. It has a role as an IP3 receptor antagonist, a calcium channel blocker and a potassium channel opener. It is an organoboron compound and a primary amino compound. 
Mixtures of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). They have been used in the treatment of hypertension but have largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. 
it is a sulfone that is a metabolite of dapsone in which one of the amino groups of dapsone has been oxidized to a nitroso group. It is a sulfone and a nitroso compound. It derives from a dapsone. 
it is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is heptadecan-1-ol substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and a methyl group at position 16. It derives from a heptadecan-1-ol. It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. 
it (anhydrous) is a hydrochloride obtained by combining irinotecan with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used (in the form of its trihydrate) in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin, for the treatment of patients with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas after disease progression following gemcitabine-based therapy. It is converted via hydrolysis of the carbamate linkage to its active metabolite, SN-38, which is ~1000 times more active. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. It contains an irinotecan(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of a semisynthetic derivative of itthecin, a cytotoxic, quinoline-based alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree ittheca acuminata. Irinotecan, a prodrug, is converted to a biologically active metabolite 7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-itthecin (SN-38) by a carboxylesterase-converting enzyme. One thousand-fold more potent than its parent compound irinotecan, SN-38 inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA, resulting in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptotic cell death. Because ongoing DNA synthesis is necessary for irinotecan to exert its cytotoxic effects, it is classified as an S-phase-specific agent. 
it is a retinobenzoic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits retinoblastoma-gene product (RB) phosphorylation and increases the presence of 2 cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitors, resulting in cell cycle arrest. This agent also causes a cytotoxic decline in cyclin A and thymidylate synthase expression. 
it is a member of the class of indazoles that is 3-(indazol-3-yl}prop-2-enoic acid carrying additional 2,4-dichlorobenzyl and trifluoromethyl substituents at positions 1 and 6 respectively. An orally active antispermatogenic compound with antifertility effects that is a potential male contraceptive drug. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor, a eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1alpha 1 inhibitor, a synthetic oral contraceptive and an antispermatogenic agent. It is a member of indazoles, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, an olefinic compound, a dichlorobenzene and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a lonidamine. 
it is a sesterterpenoid isolated from the marine sponge Luffariella variabilis and which has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity towards phospholipase A2. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor. It is a butenolide, a lactol and a sesterterpenoid. 
it is a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid that is 1,3-thiazolidine substituted by geminal methyl groups at position 2 and a carboxy group at position 4 (the 4R stereoisomer). It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-thiazolidine. 
it is a cardiotonic steroid secreted by the toad Bufo rubescens and other related species such as Bufo marinus. An endogenous Na/K-ATPase inhibitor, it is a vasoconstrictor with effects similar to digitalis. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor and an epitope. It is a steroid hormone and an epoxy steroid. It derives from a (5beta)-bufadienolide. 
it is a C24 straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite and a Daphnia tenebrosa metabolite. It is a very long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tetracosanoate. it is a saturated fatty acid with a 24-carbon backbone. it occurs naturally in wood tar, various cerebrosides, and in small amount in most natural fats. 
it is a member of the class of lipid As that is lipid A in which the free OH group on the N-hydroxytetradecanoyl group is carrying a palimitoyl group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of lipid As, a dodecanoate ester, a tetradecanoate ester and a hexadecanoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a member of the class of phenanthrolines that is 1,10-phenanthroline bearing two methyl substituents at positions 2 and 9. It has a role as a chelator. 
it is a hydrochloride derived from equimolar amounts of cinacalcet and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a calcimimetic and a P450 inhibitor. It derives from a cinacalcet. it is the orally bioavailable hydrochloride salt of the calcimimetic cinacalcet. Cinacalcet increases the sensitivity of calcium-sensing receptors on chief cells in the parathyroid gland to extracellular calcium, thereby reducing parathyroid hormone (PTH) secretion. A reduction in PTH levels inhibits osteoclast activity, which may result in a decrease in cortical bone turnover and bone fibrosis, and normalization of serum calcium and phosphorus levels. In addition, by reducing PTH levels, cinacalcet may reduce PSA levels; PTH appears to raise PSA levels and may increase prostate cancer cell growth. 
it is a dimeric isoquinoline alkaloid isolated from Ancistrocladus abbreviatus and has been shown to exhibit anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-HIV-1 agent and an anti-HIV-2 agent. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a polyphenol, a ring assembly, a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether, a methoxynaphthalene and a member of naphthols. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
A drug that selectively activates certain subclasses of muscarinic receptors and also activates postganglionic nicotinic receptors. It is commonly used experimentally to distinguish muscarinic receptor subtypes. 
it appears as a white to straw-colored liquid with an ether-like odor. About the same density as water and insoluble in water. Flash point 70°F. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a fuel. Shock sensitive. The shock sensitivity is removed by addition of 1-2% of propane, butane, chloroform, ethyl ether, or methyl ether. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. it is a synthetic derivative of pyrimidine with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and crosslinks DNA, resulting in DNA strand breaks and inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis. This agent is more active against tumor cells that are defective in p53 function. (NCI04) 
it is an organic cation that is adenosine alkylated at position N1 by a tuberculosinyl group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from an adenosine and a tuberculosinol. 
it is the sodium salt of alendronate, a second generation bisphosphonate and synthetic analog of pyrophosphate with bone anti-resorption activity. it binds to and inhibits the activity of geranyltranstransferase (farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase), an enzyme involved in terpenoid biosynthesis. Inhibition of this enzyme prevents the biosynthesis of isoprenoid lipids (FPP and GGPP) that are donor substrates of farnesylation and geranylgeranylation during the post-translational modification of small GTPase signalling proteins, which is important in the process of osteoclast turnover. As a result, osteoclast activity is inhibited and bone resorption and turnover are reduced. 
itfungin is an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. itfungin inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
it is a member of the class of triazolopyrimidines that is [1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine carrying additional ethyl and octyl substituents at positions 5 and 6 respectively. A fungicide for the control of late blight and downey mildew on potatoes and other crops including vines. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of triazolopyrimidines and an aromatic amine. 
3-(p-nitrophenyl)propanoic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is 3-phenylpropionic acid in which the hydrogen at the para position of the phennyl group has been replaced by a nitro group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 3-phenylpropionic acid. 
it is a member of the class of dihydroxypyridines that is 1,4-dihydroxypyridin-2-one carrying an additional 6-ethenyl-2,4-dimethylcyclohexyl substituent at position 3. it is a MMP-2 (Gelatinase A) inhibitor with antibiotic and anticancer properties. Also indicated to be a lipid peroxidation and DNA synthesis inhibitor as well as a free radical scavenger. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, a radical scavenger and an EC 3.4.24.24 (gelatinase A) inhibitor. It is a pyridone, a dihydroxypyridine and an olefinic compound. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyruvate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-leucinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-leucinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (provided by food), it is important for protein synthesis and many metabolic functions. it contributes to regulation of blood-sugar levels; growth and repair of muscle and bone tissue; growth hormone production; and wound healing. it also prevents breakdown of muscle proteins after trauma or severe stress and may be beneficial for individuals with phenylketonuria. it is available in many foods and deficiency is rare. (NCI04) 
3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-7, 8-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavanols. These are polycyclic compounds containing a hydroxylated isoflavan skeleton. 3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-7, 8-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Corticotropin-releasing hormone (human) is a corticotropin-releasing hormone from human/rat composed of Ser, Glu, Glu, Pro, Pro, Ile, Ser, Leu, Asp, Leu, Val, Phe, His, Leu, Leu, Arg, Glu, Val, Leu, Glu, Met, Ala, Arg, Ala, Glu, Gln, Leu, Ala, Gln, Gln, Ala, His, Ser, Asn, Arg, Lys, Leu, Met, Glu, Ile and Ile-NH2 residues joined in sequence. It is a corticotropin-releasing hormone and a peptidyl amide. 
Commercial citrate of caffeine, though not a definite salt. It is the alkaloid caffeine, with a portion of adherent citric acid, as indicated by its pharmacopoeial name (citrated caffeine). Its general action and uses are the same as those given under caffeine. it is used chiefly as a remedy for the idiopathic headache (migraine). This salt is very soluble in water, and is assimilated much more readily than pure caffeine when taken into the stomach. (NCI04) 
Dolasetron, also known as MDL 73147EF or anzemet, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives. Indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid group (or a derivative thereof) linked to an indole. Dolasetron exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Dolasetron has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, dolasetron is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Dolasetron is an indole derivative and a potent serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist with anti-emetic property. Dolasetron blocks the activity of serotonin released from the enterochromaffin cells of the small intestine by selectively inhibiting and inactivating 5-HT3 receptors located on the nerve terminals of the vagus nerve in the periphery and centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. This results in suppression of signalling to trigger chemo- and radiotherapy induced nausea and vomiting. 
it is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 7.2 at 20 ℃. It is a member of morpholines, a it and an organosulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(N-morpholino)propanesulfonate. It is a tautomer of a 3-(N-morpholiniumyl)propanesulfonate. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid comprising hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid substituted at position 15 by a methyl group. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isoheptadecanoate. 
Usually colorless to light colored liquids with an ammonia-like odor. Flammable. May be very corrosive to skin, eyes, mucus membranes and metals. They are often used as fungicides and to manufacture other chemicals. 
it is the D-enantiomer of tartaric acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a D-tartrate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-tartaric acid. 
Triptonolide is a tetracyclic diterpenoid with formula C20H22O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of phenols, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid in which the hydroxy groups are located at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a member of resorcinols. It derives from a benzoic acid. 
it is a hydrate. It contains a cetylpyridinium chloride. Cetylpyridinium Chloride is the chloride salt form of cetylpyridinium, a quaternary ammonium with broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity. Upon topical administration, cetylpyridinium chloride is positively charged and reacts with the negatively charged microbial cell surfaces, thereby destroying the integrity of the cell membrane. This causes leakage of intracellular components leading to microbial cell death. 
it is an isobenzofuranone that is 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7 and a (S)-hydroxy(4-hydroxyphenyl)methyl group at position 3. It has been isolated from the roots of Scorzonera judaica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an isobenzofuranone, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02241772 (A Study on the Effects of it on Lp(a) in Subjects With Elevated Lp(a)). 
it is a tertiary amine, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an estrogen antagonist, an estrogen receptor modulator and a bone density conservation agent. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. it is a nonsteroidal triphenylethylene antiestrogen. Chemically related to tamoxifen, it is a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). This agent binds competitively to estrogen receptors, thereby interfering with estrogen activity. it also has intrinsic estrogenic properties, which are manifested according to tissue type or species. (NCI04) 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a mild odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Nonflammable. May be toxic by ingestion or inhalation. Used as a solvent and heat transfer fluid. 
it is a phenylpropanoid that is cinnamyl alcohol in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 on the benzene ring are replaced by hydroxy groups while that at position 5 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a catechol, a phenylpropanoid and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a cinnamyl alcohol. 
it is a colorless to pale yellow liquid with a sweet odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a member of the class of chloroethanes that is ethane substituted by chloro groups at positions 1, 1, 2 and 2. 
Leucine is a branched-chain amino acid that consists of glycine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-carbon is substituted by an isobutyl group. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a branched-chain amino acid and an alpha-amino acid. It contains an isobutyl group. It is a conjugate base of a leucinium. It is a conjugate acid of a leucinate. 
Clindamycin is a semisynthetic broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of the parent compound lincomycin. Clindamycin dissociates peptidyl-tRNA from the bacterial ribosome, thereby disrupting bacterial protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
17beta-estradiol 3-O-carboxymethyl ether is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol in which the 3-hydroxy group carries a carboxymethyl substituent. It has a role as a hapten. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a monocarboxylic acid and an ether. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. 
it is an epithilone that is epithilone C in which the hydrogen at position 13 of the oxacyclohexadec-13-ene-2,6-dione macrocycle has been replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a microtubule-stabilising agent. it is a natural polyketide compound isolated from the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum. Also known as it, it binds to tubulin and inhibits the disassembly of microtubules, resulting in the inhibition of mitosis, cellular proliferation, and cell motility. (NCI04) 
it is a white solid with a weak odor of ammonia. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the ammonium salt of formic acid. It has a role as a buffer. It derives from a formic acid. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is aniline substituted at position 2 by a 3-aminopropanoyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a substituted aniline, a primary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a benzoxazine that is N-(prop-2-yn-1-yl)-2H-1,4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one which is substituted at position 6 by a 1,3-dioxo-1,3,4,5,6,7-hexahydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl group and at position 7 by a fluorine. A protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitor, it is used for the control of weeds in soya, peanuts, and a variety of vegetable and fruit crops. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a teratogenic agent. It is a benzoxazine, a terminal acetylenic compound, a dicarboximide and an organofluorine compound. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Mitobronitol is a brominated analog of mannitol with potential antineoplastic activity. Mitobronitol most likely acts through alkylation via derived epoxide groups. Mitolactol is a synthetic derivative of hexitol with antineoplastic and radiosensitizing properties. Mitolactol alkylates DNA via actual or derived epoxide groups, resulting in inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl thioesters. These are thioester derivatives of a fatty acid with the general formula RC(=O)SR', where R is the fatty acyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a cardenolide glycoside that is the 2'-acetyl derivative of neriifolin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a cardenolide glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative and an acetate ester. It derives from a neriifolin. 
it is a dihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 8. A dihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 8. A naturally occurring flavonoid produced by several plants, including the weed Tridax procumbens (coalbuttons or tridax daisy) and the tree Godmania aesculifolia, In animal models, it has shown efficacy against several diseases of the nervous system, including Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and Huntington's. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a tropomyosin-related kinase B receptor agonist, an antidepressant, an antioxidant and an antineoplastic agent. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound and an organooxygen compound. It has a role as a metabolite and a oneirogen. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. Thus, it a is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it a can be found in fruits. This makes it a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A semi-synthetic macrolide antibiotic structurally related to ERYTHROMYCIN. It has been used in the treatment of Mycobacterium avium intracellulare infections, toxoplasmosis, and cryptosporidiosis. 
it is dicarboxylate anion of ferroheme b; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. It is a cyclic tetrapyrrole anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of a ferroheme b. 
it is a beta-lactone proteasome inhibitor derived from lactacystin. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor. It is a beta-lactone and a lactam. It derives from a lactacystin. 
it, also known as it or O-tolyl mercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiophenols. Thiophenols are compounds containing a thiophenol ring, which a phenol derivative obtained by replacing the oxygen atom from the hydroxyl group (attached to the benzene) by a sulfur atom. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an egg, garlic, and meaty taste. 
Succinyl-Leu-Leu-Val-Tyr-7-amino-4-methylcoumarin is a tetrapeptide compound with a succinyl group at the N-terminal and a 7-amino-4-methylcoumarin group at the C-terminal. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a tetrapeptide and a member of 7-aminocoumarins. 
it is a colorless to straw colored liquid. A polyunsaturated fatty acid essential to human diet. it is an octadecadienoic acid in which the two double bonds are at positions 9 and 12 and have Z (cis) stereochemistry. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a Daphnia galeata metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is an omega-6 fatty acid and an octadecadienoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a linoleate. it is a polyunsaturated essential fatty acid found mostly in plant oils. It is used in the biosynthesis of prostaglandins and cell membranes. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless flammable gas. May become unstable. Not toxic but asphyxiation may occur because of displacement of oxygen. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy and sulfate groups of 12-sulfojasmonic acid. Major species at pH 7.3 It is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and an organosulfate oxoanion. 
it is a sunscreen blocker. it is a topical, broad range UV protector and blocks UVA I, UVA II, and UVB wavelengths, thereby limiting the impact of UV rays on skin. (NCI05) 
it appears as colorless crystals. This material is used as a non-systemic insecticide. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a 5-methoxy-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2(3H)-one. 
it is a nitrile that is acetonitrile in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group while a second hydrogen is replaced by a 4-hydroxybenzyl group. It is a specific agonist for estrogen receptor beta (ERbeta). It has a role as an estrogen receptor agonist. It is a member of phenols and a nitrile. 
Chondroitin sulfate e (galnac4, 6Dis-glca), precursor 5a belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-phenylureas. N-phenylureas are compounds containing a N-phenylurea moiety, which is structurally characterized by a phenyl group linked to one nitrogen atom of a urea group. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid carrying additional hydroxy and (2-methoxyphenyl)diazenyl substituents at positions 4 and 3 respectively. The sodium salt is the biological stain 'acid red 4'. It is a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a member of naphthols and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-3-[(2-methoxyphenyl)diazenyl]naphthalene-1-sulfonate. 
it is a cholanic acid conjugate anion that is the conjugate base of glycohyocholic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a cholanic acid conjugate anion and a N-acylglycinate. It is a conjugate base of a glycohyocholic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is dopamine in which the phenolic hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of phenols and a primary amino compound. It derives from a dopamine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside that is egonol in which the hydroxy hydrogen has been replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a rat metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a plant metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a member of 1-benzofurans, an aromatic ether, a member of benzodioxoles, a biaryl and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from an egonol. 
it is a REV-ERB agonist. SR-9011 has been demonstrated that it is specifically lethal to cancer cells and oncogene-induced senescent cells, including melanocytic naevi, and has no effect on the viability of normal cells or tissues. 
it is a nitrile that is acetonitrile where one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 1H-indol-3-yl group. It has a role as an auxin, a plant hormone, a plant metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a nitrile and a member of indoles. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
it is a lignan that consists of a 3,4-dimethyloxolane ring substituted by 4-hydroxyphenyl groups at positions 2 and 5 respectively (the 2R,3R,4S,5S-stereoisomer). Isolated from the roots of Krameria lappacea, it exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a NF-kappaB inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a member of oxolanes and a member of phenols. 
it is an octanol carrying the hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is an octanol and a secondary alcohol. 
it is the hemihydrate form of estradiol, the most potent, naturally produced estrogen. it diffuses through the cell membrane and binds to and subsequently activates the nuclear estrogen receptor found in the reproductive tract, breast, pituitary, hypothalamus, liver, and bone. The activated complex binds to the estrogen response element on the DNA and activates the transcription of genes involved in the functioning of the female reproductive system and secondary sex characteristics. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Flash point 150°F. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. Used to make other chemicals, solvents, fumigants and insecticides and for many other uses. it is a dichlorobenzene carrying chloro substituents at positions 1 and 2. It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent and a metabolite. 
it is the fatty acid ethyl ester of 3-hydroxybutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 3-hydroxybutyric acid. 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is 2,6-diamino-5-chloropyrimidine in which the amino groups at positions 2 and 6 are respectively carrying 2-methoxy-4-(piperidin-4-yl)-5-methylphenyl and 2-(isopropylsulfonyl)phenyl substituents. Used for the treatment of ALK-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is an aminopyrimidine, an aromatic ether, an organochlorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a member of piperidines and a sulfone. it is an orally available inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase activity of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits wild-type ALK kinase, ALK fusion proteins and ALK point mutation variants. Inhibition of ALK leads to both the disruption of ALK-mediated signaling and the inhibition of cell growth in ALK-overexpressing tumor cells. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development. ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a variety of tumor cell types. 
it is an imidothiocarbamic ester that consists of isothiourea bearing S-3-(imidazol-4-yl)propyl and N-4-chlorobenzyl substituents. An extremely potent histamine H3 antagonist/inverse agonist (pA2 = 9.93). Also displays partial agonist activity at H4 receptors; induces eosinophil shape change with an EC50 of 3 nM. It has a role as a H3-receptor antagonist and a H4-receptor agonist. It is a member of imidazoles, an imidothiocarbamic ester and an organochlorine compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is an L-lysine derivative arising from reductive alkylation of the N(2)-position of L-lysine by pyridoxal-5-phosphate. It has a role as an epitope. It is a L-lysine derivative and an organic phosphate. It derives from a pyridoxal. 
it is an enamide that is (2E)-N-isobutylhept-2-enamide which is substituted at position 7 by a 3,4-methylenedioxyphenyl group. A natural product found in Piper sarmentosum. It has a role as a metabolite, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is an alkaloid, a member of benzodioxoles, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a 2-methylpropanamine. 
it is a long-acting, first-generation, cyclohexyl sulfonylurea with antihyperglycemic activity. it has greater potency than chlorpropamide and tolbutamide. This agent may cause jaundice. 
it is shipped as a slurry or wet mass of pale yellow crystals. If it should dry out it can explode due to shock, heat, flame, or friction. The primary hazard is blast where the entire load can explode instantaneously and not from flying projectiles and fragments. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat they can explode. it is a it and a one-carbon compound. It is a tautomer of a 2-it. 
it is a penicillin that is 6-aminopenicillanic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 2,6-dimethoxybenzoyl group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a semisynthetic, narrow spectrum beta-lactamase-resistant penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. it binds to specific penicillin-binding proteins (BPBs) on the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to an interruption of the bacterial cell wall and causes bacterial lysis. 
it, also known as L-lysine or acetate, lysine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. it can be converted into N(alpha)-acetyl-L-lysine methyl ester(1+). Lysine is one of nine essential amino acids in humans required for growth and tissue repair, Lysine is supplied by many foods, especially red meats, fish, and dairy products. Lysine seems to be active against herpes simplex viruses and present in many forms of diet supplements. The mechanism underlying this effect is based on the viral need for amino acid arginine; lysine competes with arginine for absorption and entry into cells. Lysine inhibits HSV growth by knocking out arginine. (NCI04) 
it, also known as benzaldehyde, 4-ethyl or ebal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sweet, almond, and bitter tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, nuts, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an oral absorption promoter. it may be used as a delivery agent to promote the oral absorption of certain macromolecules with poor bioavailability such as the peptides insulin and heparin. 
Coenzyme A is a coenzyme containing pantothenic acid, adenosine 3-phosphate 5-pyrophosphate, and cysteamine; involved in the transfer of acyl groups, notably in transacetylations. 
it is an orally active PARP inhibitor developed by Tesaro to treat ovarian cancer. FDA approval on March 2017. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) types 1 and 2 (PARP-1 and -2), with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits the activity of PARP-1 and -2, thereby inhibiting PARP-1 and -2-mediated DNA repair, enhancing the accumulation of DNA strand breaks, promoting genomic instability and resulting in apoptosis. The PARP family of proteins catalyzes post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins and is activated by single-strand DNA (ssDNA) breaks. 
it is the actetate salt form of chlormadinone, a synthetic progestin with antiandrogenic and antigonadotropic effects. it (CMA) is a potent progesterone receptor (PR) agonist, a partial androgen receptor (AR) antagonist and a weak glucocorticoid receptor (GR) antagonist. Chlormadinone binds to PRs, which induces the expression of progesterone-responsive genes. In addition, chlormadinone blocks ARs in target organs and reduces the activity of skin 5 alpha-reductase; thus inhibiting androgen production and signaling. Through the negative feedback action on the hypothalamus-pituitary system, chlormadinone also suppresses gonadotropin secretion, which prevents ovarian and adrenal androgen production. Therefore, this agent decreases endometrial thickness, increases the viscosity of cervical mucus, inhibits ovulation and suppresses follicular growth and maturation. 
it is a propanone that is acetone in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of propanones, a methyl ketone, a primary alcohol and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from an acetone. 
it is a trihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid in which the three hydroxy substituents are located at the 3alpha-, 6alpha- and 7alpha-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a C24-steroid, a 6alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid and a member of muricholic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea in which the sulfur atom is attached to a 4-(methoxycarbonyl)-2-methylthiophen-3-yl group and in which the non-sulfonated nitrogen is substituted by a 3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl group. It is a herbicide used for the selective control of grasses and broadleaf weeds primarily in corn. It has a role as an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of thiophenes, a methyl ester, a member of triazoles, a N-sulfonylurea and an ether. It derives from a thiencarbazone. 
A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium such as the aqueous humor. 
Collidine appears as a clear colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. 
Cefotaxime is a third generation semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefotaxime inhibits mucopeptide synthesis by binding to and inactivating penicillin binding proteins thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of bacterial cell walls. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it is a dioxolane derivative and a novel L-configuration deoxycytidine analogue with potent antineoplastic activity. When incorporated into growing chain during DNA replication, it stops DNA polymerization due to its unnatural L-configuration, in contrast to the normal nucleotides with D-configuration. As a result, this agent terminates DNA synthesis upon incorporated into DNA molecules, and consequently interrupts tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a carotenone that consists of beta,beta-carotene bearing four oxo substituents at positions 2, 2', 4 and 4'. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the amino to the phosphate group of 1-stearoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine. It is a lysophosphatidylethanolamine zwitterion 18:0 and a 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a 1-stearoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Oncology, Follicular Lymphoma, B-cell Malignancies, Mantle Cell Lymphoma, and Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, among others. it is an orally available inhibitor of spleen tyrosine kinase (Syk), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration of it, this agent may inhibit the activity of Syk, which inhibits B-cell receptor (BCR) signaling and leads to an inhibition of tumor cell activation, migration, adhesion and proliferation. Syk, a non-receptor cytoplasmic, BCR-associated tyrosine kinase, is expressed in hematopoietic tissues and is often overexpressed in hematopoeitic malignancies. 
it is a benzenediol comprising of a benzene core carrying two hydroxy substituents ortho to each other. It has a role as a genotoxin, an allelochemical and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a itate(1-). 
it is a thiopurine that is inosine in which the aromatic hydroxy group is replaced by a methylsulfanediyl group. It is a purine ribonucleoside and a thiopurine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abdominal Pain, Colonic Transit, Crohn's Disease, Rectal Sensation, and Gastric Emptying, among others. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a mild, balsam, and carnation taste. 
it is a member of the class of naphthalenediols that is naphthalene-1,4-diol substituted at position 2 by a phytyl group. It is a member of naphthalenediols, an olefinic compound and a naphthohydroquinone. It derives from a naphthalene-1,4-diol. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (5R)-5-hydroxyhexanoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). It is a metabolite of the nematodes Caenorhabditis elegans and Pristionchus pacificus. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a (5R)-5-hydroxyhexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by 2-chloro-4-(4-chlorophenoxy)phenyl and 1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl groups. A broad spectrum fungicide with novel broad-range activity used as a spray or seed treatment. It is moderately toxic to humans, mammals, birds and most aquatic organisms. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, a dioxolane, a member of triazoles, a cyclic ketal, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is a thiochromane that is 3,4-dihydro-2H-1-benzothiopyran S,S-dioxide in which the hydrogens at position 4 are both replaced by methyl groups, the hydrogens at position 7 is replaced by a heptyloxy group, while the hydrogen at position 6 is replaced by a 1-phenylprop-1-en-2-yl group, the phenyl group of which is substituted at the para position by a carboxy group. It is a selective antagonist for retinoic acid receptor alpha. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor alpha antagonist and an apoptosis inducer. It is a thiochromane, a sulfone, a member of benzoic acids and an aromatic ether. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has a berry, butter, and fruity taste. 
it is a white liquid with a mild odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a saturated fatty aldehyde that is heptane in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by a formyl group. It is a metabolite of the plasticisers di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) and di-2-ethylhexyl adipate (DEHA). It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acylaminobenzoic acid and derivatives. These are derivatives of amino benzoic acid derivatives where the amine group is N-acylated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make dyes and pharmaceuticals. 
it, also known as a-terpinyl anthranilic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a bitter, fruity, and lily taste. 
it is an alpha-D-glucoside consisting of D-glucitol having an alpha-D-glucosyl residue attached at the 4-position. Used as a sugar substitute. It has a role as a metabolite, a laxative and a sweetening agent. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose and a D-glucitol. 
it is a clear brown liquid characterized by a rose-orange odor. Insoluble in water. Found in at least 20 essential oils, including rose and citrus oils and several species of pine oil. it is a saturated fatty aldehyde formally arising from reduction of the carboxy group of nonanoic acid. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. It derives from a nonanoic acid. 
it is conjugate base of it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is an indene that is (3aS,7aR)-2,3,3a,4,5,7a-hexahydro-1H-indene which is substituted at the 2-pro-R position by a 1H-pyrrol-2-ylcarbonyl group, at the 9-pro-S position by an ethyl group, and at the 5-pro-R position by a hexa-1,3-dineyl group in which position 4 has been substituted by a (2R,3S,6R)-6-[(1R)-1-carboxyethyl]-3-methyltetrahydropyran-2-yl group. It exhibits activity against Gram-positive bacteria as well as antihypertensive and antitumour. It also functions as an effective growth promoter for ruminants. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an animal growth promotant, an ionophore, an antihypertensive agent and an insecticide. It is a member of oxanes, an indene, an aromatic ketone and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is (14aR)-11,12,13,14,14a,15-hexahydro-9H-dibenzo[f,h]pyrido[1,2-b]isoquinoline substituted at positions 2, 3 and 6 by methoxy groups. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an antiviral agent. It is an alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and an alkaloid antibiotic. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in alcoholic beverages and citrus. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is malonic acid in which one of the methylene hydrogens has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a benzyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of nicotinic acid with benzyl alcohol. It has been used as a rubefacient. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. It derives from a nicotinic acid. 
Remazole black-GR is a bis(azo) compound with two aryldiazenyl moieties placed at positions 2 and 7 of a multi-substituted naphthalene. It has a role as a dye. It is a bis(azo) compound, a sulfone and an organic sodium salt. It contains a remazole black-GR (4-). 
Cefditoren Pivoxil is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefditoren pivoxil is a prodrug that is rapidly hydrolyzed by intestinal esterases during absorption to the microbiologically active cefditoren, an active aminothiazolyl cephalosporin. Cefditoren inactivates penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with peptidoglycan synthesis and inhibiting bacterial cell wall synthesis. Another consequence of beta-lactam exposure results in the loss of lipoteichoic acids from the cell wall. Lipoteichoic acids inhibit murein hydrolase activity and their absence from the cell wall triggers uncontrolled autolytic activity rendering bacterial cells susceptible to osmotic shock. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it is a benzodioxine that is 2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxine in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 has been replaced by a 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl group. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It is a benzodioxine and a member of imidazolines. 
it is a lysophosphatidylcholine 18:0 in which the acyl substituent is located at position 1 and is specified as stearoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is a 1-O-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and a lysophosphatidylcholine 18:0. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride form of betaine, a crystalline alkaloid occurring in sugar beets and other plants. Betaine, acting as a transmethylating metabolic intermediate, is the oxidation product of choline. it is used as a gastric acidifier supplement. 
it is a berberine alkaloid that is 5,8,13,13a-tetrahydro-6H-[1,3]dioxolo[4,5-g]isoquino[3,2-a]isoquinoline substituted by methoxy groups at positions 9 and 10. It is a berberine alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Flash point 15°F. Less dense (6.1 lb / gal) than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 2-methylpropanamine is an alkylamine having isobutyl as the alkyl group. It has been isolated from Sambucus nigra (Elderberry). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-methylpropanaminium. 
9,10-Secoergosta-5,7,10(19),22-tetraene-3,25-diol. Biologically active metabolite of vitamin D2 which is more active in curing rickets than its parent. The compound is believed to attach to the same receptor as vitamin D2 and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3. 
it is a polyprenol diphosphate compound having five prenyl units with undefined stereochemistry about the double bonds. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 7,12-dihydropyrido[3',2':2,3]azepino[4,5-b]indole substituted at positions 6 and 9 by oxo and bromo groups respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor and a Wnt signalling activator. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a lactam and an organobromine compound. 
it, also known as iso-amyl N-valerate or isopentyl pentanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-methylbutyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an apple and ripe taste. 
it is commercially available both as a colorless crystalline solid and processed into prills for specific applications. Soluble in water. Does not readily burn but will do so if contaminated with combustible material. Accelerates the burning of combustible material. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make fertilizers and explosives, and as a nutrient in producing antibiotics and yeast. it is the ammonium salt of nitric acid. It has a role as a fertilizer, an explosive and an oxidising agent. It is an inorganic molecular entity, an ammonium salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is propiophenone in which one of the hydrogens alpha- to the carbonyl is substituted by a diethylamino group. A central stimulant and indirect-acting sympathomimetic, it is an appetite depressant and is used as the hydrochloride as an anoretic in the short term management of obesity. It has a role as an appetite depressant. It is a tertiary amine and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a propiophenone. it is an amphetamine derivative and a sympathomimetic stimulant with anti-obesity and appetite-suppressant properties. it stimulates neurons to release and maintain high levels of catecholamines including dopamine and norepinephrine resulting in a suppression of hunger signals and appetite. This agent may also indirectly affect leptin-neuropeptide Y (NPY) neurotransmission, which exerts control on metabolic processes such as food intake and body weight homeostasis. Via elevated catecholamine, it indirectly elevates leptin levels in the brain, which in turn inhibits production of NPY, a potent stimulator of feeding behavior, thereby preventing the initiation of eating, increasing energy expenditure, and decreasing fat storage. 
it is an organic phosphate that consists of phosphoethanolamine bearing N-amidino and O-methyl substituents. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an organic perchlorate salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it cation. 
Alanyl-glutamine, also known as it or ala-GLN, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Alanyl-glutamine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it is a nutritional supplement containing a stable, water-soluble dipeptide comprised of the amino acids L-glutamine and L-alanine, with potential protective and absorption enhancing activities. Upon oral or enteral administration, it works locally in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract to both protect the integrity of the intestinal mucosa and maintain intestinal barrier functions. This reduces bacterial translocation, the risk of infection, infection-induced inflammatory damage and infection-associated symptoms, such as diarrhea, dehydration, malabsorption and electrolyte imbalances. it also increases absorption of other chemicals, enhances epithelial repair, and inhibits apoptosis due to cellular damage, and stimulates cellular proliferation. Altogether, this improves absorption of nutrients, decreases weight loss, reduces diarrhea, decreases the risk of GI-associated infections and improves recovery. Upon absorption, it may also help inhibit muscle protein catabolism. 
Benzylpenicillin potassium is organic potassium salt of benzylpenicillin. It contains a benzylpenicillin(1-). it is the potassium salt form of penicillin G, a broad-spectrum penicillin antibiotic. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBP), the enzymes that catalyze the synthesis of peptidoglycan, which is a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to the interruption of cell wall synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell growth inhibition and cell lysis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a carboxamidine heterocycle which is obtained by formal condensation of 4-amino-L-allothreonine with acetic acid. It is a carboxamidine, a secondary alcohol, a member of 1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyrimidines and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-itate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the citrate salt of alverine, resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of alvarine and citric acid. An antispasmodic that acts directly on intestinal and uterine smooth muscle, it is used in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. It has a role as a cholinergic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is a citrate salt and an organoammonium salt. It contains an alverine(1+). 
2'-deoxyinosine 5'-diphosphate(3-) is a 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate obtained by deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups of 2'-deoxyinosine 5'-diphosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2'-deoxyinosine-5'-diphosphate. 
A gamma-emitting RADIONUCLIDE IMAGING agent used in the evaluation of regional cerebral blood flow and in non-invasive dynamic biodistribution studies and MYOCARDIAL PERFUSION IMAGING. It has also been used to label leukocytes in the investigation of INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASES. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of isopropanol. It has a role as an anti-estrogen and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a phthalic acid monoester and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a propan-2-ol. 
it is an odorless white microcrystalline powder with a bitter taste. A 0.25% solution in water has a pH of 3.5 to 5.5. (NTP, 1992) Ampicillin Trihydrate is the trihydrate form of ampicillin, a broad-spectrum semisynthetic derivative of aminopenicillin. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by binding to penicillin binding proteins, thereby inhibiting peptidoglycan synthesis, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. 
it is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid that is prednisolone in which the hydrogens at the 9alpha and 16beta positions are substituted by a chlorine and a methyl group, respectively. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an anti-asthmatic drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a corticosteroid, a glucocorticoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a chlorinated steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a prednisolone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. After cell surface receptor attachment and cell entry, it enters the nucleus where it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in an altered gene expression and inhibition of proinflammatory cytokine production. 
it is an N-methylated dihydro acridine carrying carbonitrile and N-carboxyethylcarbamoyl substituents at C-9. It has a role as a hapten. 
3-Carbamoyl-1-beta-D-ribofuranosyl pyridinium hydroxide-5'phosphate, inner salt. A nucleotide in which the nitrogenous base, nicotinamide, is in beta-N-glycosidic linkage with the C-1 position of D-ribose. Synonyms: Nicotinamide Ribonucleotide; NMN. 
it appears as a pale straw colored liquid. Selective herbicide. Butyl 2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoate is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group 2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid with the hydroxy group of butan-1-ol. It is a carboxylic ester, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid and a butan-1-ol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydroisoquinolines. These are tetrahydrogenated isoquinoline derivatives. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Tetrodotoxin is a neurotoxin with potential analgesic activity. Tetrodotoxin binds to the pores of fast voltage-gated fast sodium channels in nerve cell membranes, inhibiting nerve action potentials and blocking nerve transmission. Although found in various species of fish (such as the pufferfish), newts, frogs, flatworms, and crabs, tetrodotoxin, for which there is no known antidote, is actually produced by bacteria such as Vibrio alginolyticus, Pseudoalteromonas tetraodonis, and other vibrio and pseudomonas bacterial species. 
2,2'-iminobis[1-(6-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-2H-chromen-2-yl)ethanol] is a member of the class of chromanes that is 2,2'-iminodiethanol in which one hydrogen attached to each hydroxy-bearing carbon is replaced by a 6-fluorochroman-2-yl group. It is an organofluorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol, a diol and a member of chromanes. it is a beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive and vasodilatory activity. it binds to and blocks the beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, nebivolol potentiates nitric oxide (NO), thereby relaxing vascular smooth muscle and exerting a vasodilatory effect. 
it is a 3-hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (R)-3-hydroxydecanoic acid. It is a (R)-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA and a 3-hydroxydecanoyl-CoA. It derives from a decanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as brassinolides and derivatives. These are cholestane based steroid lactones containing benzo[c]indeno[5, 4-e]oxepin-3-one. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 24-epibrassinolide is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 24-epibrassinolide can be found in broad bean and pulses. This makes 24-epibrassinolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carotenol. It has a role as a food colouring and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a (6'R)-beta,epsilon-carotene. it (LOO-teen) is a oxygenated carotenoid found in vegetables and fruits. it is found in the macula of the eye, where it is believed to act as a yellow filter. it acts as an antioxidant, protecting cells against the damaging effects of free radicals. 
it is a UDP-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine(2-) in which the anomeric centre of the galactosamine moiety has alpha-configuration; major species at pH 7.3. It is an UDP-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine(2-) and an UDP-monosaccharide(2-). It is a conjugate base of an it. 
(7R*, 8R*)-3-methoxy-3', 4, 7, 9, 9'-pentahydroxy-8, 4'-oxyneolignan belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lignans, neolignans and related compounds. These are plant products of low molecular weight formed primarily from oxidative coupling of two p-propylphenol moieties. They can also be described as micromolecules with two phenylpropanoid units coupled together. They can be attached in various manners, like C5-C5', C8-C8'. Most known natural lignans are oxidized at C9 and C9´ and, based upon the way in which oxygen is incorporated into the skeleton and on the cyclization patterns, a wide range of lignans of very different structural types can be formed (7R*, 8R*)-3-methoxy-3', 4, 7, 9, 9'-pentahydroxy-8, 4'-oxyneolignan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (7R*, 8R*)-3-methoxy-3', 4, 7, 9, 9'-pentahydroxy-8, 4'-oxyneolignan is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of isoquinolines carrying two methoxy substituents at positions 6 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by a 4-methylbenzyl group. Isolated from Onosma hispida, it exhibits inhibitory activity against lipoxygenase. It has a role as a lipoxygenase inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
Dihydrourocanic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by an imidazol-4-yl group. It is a member of imidazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrourocanate. 
it is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt. It derives from a netilmycin. Netilmicin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of netilimicin, a semisynthetic, water soluble aminoglycoside antibiotic. Netilmicin is derived from sisomicin, a naturally occurring aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the fermentation of Micromonospora inyoensis. Netilmicin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, netilmicin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it appears as pale brown crystals or off-white solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a primary arylamine that is aniline in which the hydrogens at the 3- and 4-positions are replaced by methyl groups. A low-melting, crystalline solid, it is used in the production of vitamin B2, dyes, pesticides and other chemicals. It is a dimethylaniline and a primary arylamine. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, dehydroaporheine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, dehydroaporheine can be found in coffee and coffee products and root vegetables. This makes dehydroaporheine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a medium-chain primary fatty alcohol that is (E)-2-octene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a fragrance. It is an alkenyl alcohol, a medium-chain primary fatty alcohol and a primary allylic alcohol. 
it is a methyl ester that is uridine which is substituted at position 5 on the uracil ring by a methoxycarbonylmethoxy group. It is a member of uridines and a methyl ester. 
it is a paramagnetic contrast agent consisting of the disodium salt of the gadolinium ion chelated with the lipophilic moiety ethoxybenzyl (EOB) bound to diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid (DTPA). When placed in a magnetic field, gadolinium produces a large magnetic moment and so a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons; as a result, the signal intensity of tissue images observed with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be enhanced. Because this agent is preferentially taken up by normal functioning hepatocytes, normal hepatic tissue is enhanced with MRI while tumor tissue is unenhanced. In addition, because this agent is excreted in the bile, it may be used to visualize the biliary system using MRI. 
it is the salt formed from the acetylide monoanion and a single sodium cation. It is an acetylide and an organic sodium salt. It contains a dicarbide(1-). 
it is the active moiety of pamabrom, a mixture of 2-amino-2-methyl-propanol and bromotheophylline. From this mixture, bromotheophylline acts as a weak diuretic that has been used along with some analgesics to relieve the symptoms of premenstrual syndrome.  it is categorized on the FDA as a drug substance with an inactive state since March, 1980. It is also approved by Health Canada to be used alone or in combination with [DB00316] in OTC products. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (6E)-8-methylnon-6-enoic acid with the benzylic hydroxy group of vanillyl alcohol. A non-pungent analogue of capsaicin with a similar biological profile. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a hypoglycemic agent, an anti-allergic agent, an antioxidant, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent and a capsaicin receptor agonist. It is a carboxylic ester, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It derives from a vanillyl alcohol. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a colored crystalline solid of low toxicity that is soluble in water, ethyl alcohol and diethyl ether. it is a branched, short-chain fatty acid composed of propanoic acid having two methyl substituents at the 2-position. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and a short-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a pivalate. 
1-linoleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-D-myo-inositol(1-) is a 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-1D-myo-inositol(1-) in which the 1-acyl group is specified as linoleoyl. It is a conjugate base of a 1-linoleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-D-myo-inositol. 
it is an aminobenzenesulfonate that is the conjugate base of 2-aminobenzenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 2-aminobenzenesulfonic acid. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is cyclohexanecarboxylic acid substituted by an amino group at position 1. It derives from a cyclohexanecarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as ala-gly or L-alanine-glycine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a cyclic hydroxamic acid that is 1-hydroxypyridin-2(1H)-one in which the hydrogens at positions 4 and 6 are substituted by methyl and cyclohexyl groups, repectively. A broad spectrum antigfungal agent, it also exhibits antibacterial activity against many Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, and has anti-inflammatory properties. It is used a a topical treatment of fungal skin and nail infections. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an antiseborrheic. It is a pyridone, a cyclic hydroxamic acid and a hydroxypyridone antifungal drug. it is a synthetic, broad-spectrum antifungal agent with additional antibacterial and anti-inflammatory activities. it exerts its action by binding to and chelating trivalent cations, such as Fe3+ and Al3+, thereby inhibiting the availability of essential co-factors for enzymes. This may lead to a loss of activity of enzymes that are essential for cellular metabolism, organization of cell wall structure and other crucial cell functions. In addition, it exerts its anti-inflammatory activity by inhibiting 5-lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase (COX). 
it is a synthetic compound that acts as a selective antagonist at the dopamine receptor subtypes D2 and D3, and the serotonin receptor 5-HT3. It has been shown to exert potent antiemetic effects in animal studies and has been investigated for potential medical use. 
it is a stilbenoid with a structure of (E)-stilbene substituted at one of the C-4 positions by a nitro group. It has a role as a mutagen. 
it, also known as fema 2213 or orchindone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-hydroxybenzoic acid esters. These are benzoic acid esters where the benzene ring is ortho-substituted with a hydroxy group. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a bitter, clover, and floral taste. 
it is a penicillin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a semisynthetic, acid stable, penicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an orally available, it with potential antineoplastic and chemopreventive activities. it binds to and activates nuclear retinoic acid receptors (RAR), which in turn recruit coactivator proteins and promote, with other transcriptional complexes, the transcription of target genes. As a result, this agent may modulate the expression of genes involved in the regulation of cell proliferation, cell differentiation, and apoptosis of both normal and tumor cells. 
it is indicated for the acute treatment of migraine headaches with or without aura in adults. It was approved by the FDA on December 23, 2019, and is the first oral calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist approved for the acute treatment of migraine. Several oral small molecule CGRP receptor antagonists, belonging to a class of medications referred to as \ 
Compounds derived from TYROSINE via betalamic acid, including BETAXANTHINS and BETACYANINS. They are found in the Caryophyllales order of PLANTS and some BASIDIOMYCETES. 
it is a pyrazinoindole with a disulfide bridge spanning a dioxo-substituted pyrazine ring; mycotoxin produced by several species of fungi. It has a role as a mycotoxin, an immunosuppressive agent, an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor, a proteasome inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It is an organic disulfide, a pyrazinoindole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a dipeptide. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and turmeric. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02483247 (A Study of it in Combination With Selected Anti-Cancer Therapeutics in Adult Patients With Advanced Cancer). it is an orally available cancer cell stemness kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Even though the exact target has not been fully elucidated, amcasertib targets and inhibits one or more pathways involved in cancer stem cell survival. As a result, cancer stem cell (CSC) growth as well as heterogeneous cancer cell growth is inhibited. CSCs, self-replicating cells able to differentiate into heterogeneous cancer cells, appear to be responsible for both tumor relapse and metastasis. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as scalarane sesterterpenoids. These are sesterterpenoids with a structure based on the scalarane backbone. Scalarane is a tetracyclic compound, which is similar the homoandrostane with five methyl groups at the 4-, 4-, 8-, 17-, 17a-positions. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an N-hydroxy-alpha-amino-acid resulting from the formal N-hydroxylation of the amino group of piperidine-carboxylic acid (pipecolic acid). It is a N-hydroxy-alpha-amino-acid and a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid. It derives from a pipecolic acid. 
it is a hydrochloride salt that is the monohydrochloride of sotalol. It has both beta-adrenoreceptor blocking (Vaughan Williams Class II) and cardiac action potential duration prolongation (Vaughan Williams Class III) antiarrhythmic properties. It is used (usually as the hydrochloride salt) for the management of ventricular and supraventricular arrhythmias. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It contains a sotalol(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of sotalol, an ethanolamine derivative with Class III antiarrhythmic and antihypertensive properties. it is a nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor and potassium channel antagonist. In the heart, this agent inhibits chronotropic and inotropic effects thereby slowing the heart rate and decreasing myocardial contractility. This agent also reduces sinus rate, slows conduction in the atria and in the atrioventricular (AV) node and increases the functional refractory period of the AV node. In the lungs, sotalol inhibits vasodilation and bronchodilation. In addition, this agent inhibits renin release. 
it is a 1,3-diglyceride in which both acyl groups are specified as octanoyl. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite and an excipient. It derives from an octanoic acid. 
it is an antiprotozoal agent that was used in combination with tibroquinol. The combination agent was withdrawn from the market because of hepatoxicity. 
it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is replaced by an indol-2-yl group. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a member of indoles. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an alkaloid ester, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a itium(1+). 
it is a 3beta-sterol that is androsta-5,16-dien-3beta-ol substituted at position 17 by a 3-pyridyl group. Administered as the O-acetate, it is used for treatment of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.14.99.9 (steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase) inhibitor. It is a 3beta-sterol and a member of pyridines. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. it is a steroidal compound with antiandrogen activity. it inhibits the enzymatic activity of steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase (17alpha-hydrolase/C17,20 lyase complex; CYP17A1), a member of the cytochrome p450 family that catalyzes the 17alpha-hydroxylation of steroid intermediates involved in testosterone synthesis. Administration of this agent may suppress testosterone production by both the testes and the adrenals to castrate-range levels. 
2, 4-Dimethyl-5-propyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2, 4-Dimethyl-5-propyloxazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 2, 4-dimethyl-5-propyloxazole can be found in crustaceans, nuts, and potato. This makes 2, 4-dimethyl-5-propyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is cyclohexanecarboxylic acid substituted by a tert-butyl group at position 4 (the trans-stereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a cyclohexane. 
Hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone, also known as 3-(hydroxyacetyl)indole or 2-hydroxy-1-(1H-indol-3-yl)-ethanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indoles. Indoles are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2, 3-benzopyrrole. Hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone can be found in mushrooms. This makes hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by a 6-heptynyl group. It is a dioxolane, a cyclic acetal and a terminal acetylenic compound. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
it is a pimarane diterpenoid that is (1S,4aS,4bS,7R,10aS)-1,4a,7-trimethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,4b,5,6,7,9,10,10a-dodecahydrophenanthrene carrying a carboxy group at position 1 and a vinyl group at position 7. It is a natural product found in several plant species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a pimarane diterpenoid. 
Beraprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, under clinical trials for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension. It is also being studied for use in avoiding reperfusion injury. 
(2E)-3-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid, also known as (e)-24-dihydroxycinnamic acid or 2, 4-dihydroxy-trans cinnamate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated (2E)-3-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is 3-hydroxypropanoic acid substituted by a 3-hydroxyphenyl group at position 3. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 3-hydroxypropionic acid. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 12-HPETE. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an icosa-5,8,10,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a 12(R)-HPETE. 
it is an N(2)-acetylglutamine that has L-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid, a N(2)-acyl-L-glutamine and a N(2)-acetylglutamine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-glutaminate. It is an enantiomer of a N(2)-acetyl-D-glutamine. 
it appears as red-brown liquid with a sharp, unpleasant chemical odor. Low-boiling (boiling point 21.15°C) and held as a liquid by compression. Density 1.448 g / cm3. Consists of an equilibrium mixture of brown NO2 (nitrogen dioxide) and colorless N2O4 (it). Evolves poisonous brown vapors. Cylinders and ton containers may not be equipped with a safety relief device. Prolonged exposure of the containers to fire or heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. 
it is a secondary alcohol that is 3-methylpentane substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a biomarker and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propanoic acid substituted at position 2 by a (1S,4R,4aS,8aR)-4,7-dimethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,8a-octahydronaphthalen-1-yl group. It is a sesquiterpenoid precursor of the antimalarial drug, artemisinin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of octahydronaphthalenes and a sesquiterpenoid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydroartemisinate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Liver Cancer, Breast Cancer, Melanoma (Skin), and Metastatic Cancer, among others. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
A constituent of STRIATED MUSCLE and LIVER. It is an amino acid derivative and an essential cofactor for fatty acid metabolism. 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax ginseng that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 6alpha, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 20 have been converted to the corresponding alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranoside and beta-D-glucopyranoside respectively, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent and a nephroprotective agent. It is a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucoside, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a disaccharide derivative and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is hexanoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group and a methyl group at position 3. It is a metabolite found in human sweat. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a volatile organic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-3-methylhexanoate. 
A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclohexyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is the D-enantiomer of pinitol. It has a role as a member of compatible osmolytes. It derives from a 1D-chiro-inositol. It is an enantiomer of a L-pinitol. 
it is a hydroxamic, non-amino acid derivative angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is 2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole substituted at positions 2' 6 and 7 by 4-aminophenyl, methyl and sulfo groups respectively. The monosodium salt is the biological dye 'primuline'. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a member of benzothiazoles, a ring assembly, a substituted aniline and an arenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2'-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl[2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole]-7-sulfonate. 
it is a colorless to pale yellow oily liquid with a sweet rose odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a monoterpenoid consisting of two prenyl units linked head-to-tail and functionalised with a hydroxy group at its tail end. It has a role as a fragrance, an allergen, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid, a primary alcohol and a 3,7-dimethylocta-2,6-dien-1-ol. 
Acid fuchsin (free acid form) is an arenesulfonic acid that is 3-[(4-amino-3-methylphenyl)(4-aminophenyl)methylidene]-6-iminocyclohexa-1,4-diene-1-sulfonic acid in which the hydrogens ortho to the amino functions are replaced by phenyl groups. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'acid fuchsin'. It is an arenesulfonic acid, an imine and a primary arylamine. It is a conjugate acid of an acid fuchsin(2-). 
it is a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a cationic sphingoid that is the conjugate acid of phytosphingosine, obtained by protonation of the primary amino function; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a phytosphingosine. 
it is a member of the class of sulfamides that is sulfamide in which the hydrogens attached to one of the nitrogens are replaced by methyl groups, while those attached to the other nitrogen are replaced by a phenyl and a [dichloro(fluoro)methyl]sulfanediyl group. A fungicide introduced in 1965 and used in the cultivation of fruit and vegetables, as well as in wood preservatives, it is no longer approved for use in the European Union. It has a role as an acaricide and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of sulfamides, an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and a phenylsulfamide fungicide. It derives from a sulfamide. 
it is xanthine bearing a propyl substituent at position 3. A bronchodilator, it is used for the symptomatic treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a bronchodilator agent, an anti-asthmatic drug and an anti-arrhythmia drug. 
Benzamide, 3,5-dichloro-n-(1,1-dimethyl-2-propynyl)- is a white solid. Used as a selective herbicide. it is a member of the class of benzamides resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,5-dichlorobenzoic acid with the amino group of 2-methylbut-3-yn-2-amine. It is used as a systemic post-emergent herbicide for the control grass and broadleaf weeds in a wide range of in a wide variety of fruit and root crops. It has a role as a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene, a terminal acetylenic compound and a member of benzamides. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 3-amino-7-(dimethylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium as the counterion. It is used in making azure eosin stains for blood smear staining. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It contains a 3-amino-7-(dimethylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium. 
it is it in its six-membered ring form. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a D-aldohexose, a itnose and a mannopyranose. 
Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is a soluble iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate and citrate. FPC is categorized in Japan as a second class OTC drug. This category is given to drugs with ingredients that in rare cases may cause health problems requiring hospitalization or worst. It is also FDA approved since 2015. 
Fast blue salt B is an organic chloride salt composed of 3,3'-dimethoxy[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-bis(diazonium), zinc and chloride ions in a ratio of 1:1:4. Used for detection of marijuana metabolites in urine. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an organic chloride salt and a zinc molecular entity. It contains a zinc dichloride and a fast blue B. 
it is an amidobenzoic acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthalen-2-yl)benzoic acid with the anilino group of 4-aminobenzoic acid. A selective RARalpha agonist. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor alpha/beta agonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is an amidobenzoic acid and a member of tetralins. 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-(4-chloro-3-methylphenyl)-1-(4-methylbenzyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxylic acid with the amino group of (1S,2S,4R)-1,3,3-trimethylbicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-2-amine. A potent and selective cannabinoid receptor type 2 (CB2 receptor) inverse agonist (Ki = 0.6 nM). It has a role as a CB2 receptor antagonist and an EC 2.3.1.26 (sterol O-acyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a member of pyrazoles, a secondary carboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a bridged compound. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 1,2,4-triazol-3-yl group. It is a member of triazoles and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
An alkaloid found in the seeds of STRYCHNOS NUX-VOMICA. It is a competitive antagonist at glycine receptors and thus a convulsant. It has been used as an analeptic, in the treatment of nonketotic hyperglycinemia and sleep apnea, and as a rat poison. 
(E)-it is a member of the class of cinnamic acids that is trans-cinnamic acid carrying a methoxy substituent at position 2 on the benzene ring. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is a member of cinnamic acids and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
Oxidized glutathione, also known as glutathione disulfide or GSSG, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Oxidized glutathione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Oxidized glutathione has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. Within the cell, oxidized glutathione is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. Oxidized glutathione exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Oxidized glutathione participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Oxidized glutathione can be converted into glutathione; which is catalyzed by the enzyme glutathione reductase, mitochondrial. In addition, Oxidized glutathione can be biosynthesized from glutathione through the action of the enzyme glutathione peroxidase 1. In humans, oxidized glutathione is involved in the trisalicylate-choline action pathway, the piroxicam action pathway, the salsalate action pathway, and the oxaprozin action pathway. Oxidized glutathione is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the hyperinsulinism-hyperammonemia syndrome pathway, 5-oxoprolinase deficiency, succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency, and leukotriene C4 synthesis deficiency. 
4-acetoxy acetophenone is a methyl ketone that is acetophenone substituted by an acetoxy group at position 4. It is a member of acetophenones and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from an acetophenone. 
it is a dibenzooxazepine compound having a chloro substituent at the 2-position and a piperazin-1-yl group at the 11-position. It has a role as an antidepressant, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, a dopaminergic antagonist and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. it is a tricyclic antidepressant of the dibenzoxazepine class. it exerts its antidepressant effect by inhibiting the re-uptake of norepinephrine and, to a lesser degree, of serotonin, at adrenergic nerve endings and blocks the response of dopamine receptors to dopamine. This drug is used to treat symptoms of depression and may cause tardive dyskinesia. it also binds to alpha-adrenergic, histaminergic, and cholinergic receptors which accounts for many of the side effects seen with this agent. 
it is an amber liquid. Pure compound is almost colorless; technical product is light brown to tan. Used in insecticides, fungicides, and nematocides. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of lactic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a rac-lactic acid and a 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 1-cyano-8-(methylthio)octane or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitriles. Nitriles are compounds having the structure RC#N; thus C-substituted derivatives of hydrocyanic acid, HC#N. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 9-(methylthio)nonanenitrile is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 9-(methylthio)nonanenitrile can be found in green vegetables. This makes 9-(methylthio)nonanenitrile a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Cyclolaudenol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloartanols and derivatives. These are steroids containing a cycloartanol moiety. Cyclolaudenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Cyclolaudenol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclolaudenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cyclolaudenol can be found in french plantain, opium poppy, potato, and soy bean. This makes cyclolaudenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a serine derivative having a 2,4-dinitrophenyl substituent on nitrogen. It is a C-nitro compound, a serine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It contains a hydroxymethyl group. It derives from a serine. 
(S)-atropine is an atropine with a 2S-configuration. It derives from a (S)-tropic acid. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-atropinium. it is a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. it functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is ibogamine in which the indole hydrogen para to the indole nitrogen has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is the primary (and long-lived) metabolite of ibogaine, the psychoactive indole alkaloid found in the African rainforest shrub Tabernanthe iboga. It has a role as a psychotropic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a NMDA receptor antagonist and a kappa-opioid receptor agonist. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an ibogaine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Acarbose, also known as bay g 5421 or glumida, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminocyclitol glycosides. These are organic compounds containing an amicocyclitol moiety glycosidically linked to a carbohydrate moiety. There are two major classes of aminoglycosides containing a 2-streptamine core. They are called 4, 5- and 4, 6-disubstituted 2-deoxystreptamines. Acarbose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Acarbose has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, acarbose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Acarbose is a pseudotetrasaccharide and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase with antihyperglycemic activity. Acarbose binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, acarbose inhibits pancreatic alpha-amylase which hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the small intestines. 
it powder, dry, is a grayish metallic colored powder. Dust from dry powder may be ignited by static electricity. The dry powder reacts with moisture to produce hydrogen, a flammable gas. The heat from this reaction may be sufficient to ignite the hydrogen. It does not appreciably react with large quantities of water. 
it is a macrocyclic lactone isolated from the fermentation broth of the fungal culture Penicillium verrucosum and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against bacterial DNA primase enzyme. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite and an EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitor. It is a macrocyclic lactone and an enone. 
it is a sulfonamide that is N-phenylmethanesulfonamide in which the phenyl group is sustituted at position 4 by a 1-hydroxy-2-(isopropylamino)ethyl group. It has both beta-adrenoreceptor blocking (Vaughan Williams Class II) and cardiac action potential duration prolongation (Vaughan Williams Class III) antiarrhythmic properties. It is used (usually as the hydrochloride salt) for the management of ventricular and supraventricular arrhythmias. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an anti-arrhythmia drug, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of ethanolamines, a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and a sulfonamide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an ethanolamine derivative with Class III antiarrhythmic and antihypertensive properties. it is a nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor and potassium channel antagonist. In the heart, this agent inhibits chronotropic and inotropic effects thereby slowing the heart rate and decreasing myocardial contractility. This agent also reduces sinus rate, slows conduction in the atria and in the atrioventricular (AV) node and increases the functional refractory period of the AV node. 
it is a quinoline alkaloid that is furo[2,3-b]quinolin-4-one bearing additional 3,3-dimethylallyl and methoxy substituents at positions 9 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furoquinoline, a quinoline alkaloid, an aromatic ether and an olefinic compound. 
it is a white powder. It is insoluble in water and soluble in most acids, with the exception of sulfuric acid. It has a specific gravity of 4.275. It is toxic by ingestion. 
it is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid comprising dihydrosanguinarine carrying a hydroxy substituent at the 10-position. It derives from a hydride of a sanguinarine. 
it is a colorless to light amber solid with a a slight odor. Mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a dithiocarbamate salt that is the disodium salt of ethylenebis(dithiocarbamic acid). A fungicide, algicide and bactericide used on various crops including on cotton, capsicums, onions and rice crops, it is considered to be a carcinogen, so is not licensed for use within the European Union. Mixing it with zinc sulfate affords the fungicide zineb. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dithiocarbamate salt and an organic sodium salt. It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate). 
it is a secondary alcohol that is butan-2-ol in which one of the methyl hydrogen atoms is substituted by chlorine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound, a secondary alcohol and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from dichromic acid. It is a chromium oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it. 
it is a glucaric acid derivative. It derives from a D-glucaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it, also known as 4-(isothiocyanatomethyl)-phenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-hydroxy-2-unsubstituted benzenoids. These are phenols that are unsubstituted at the 2-position. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. 
it, also known as fema 3880, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
Peposertib is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) with potential antineoplastic activity, and potential sensitizing and enhancing activities for both chemo- and radiotherapies. Upon administration, peposertib binds to and inhibits the activity of DNA-PK, thereby interfering with the non-homologous end joining (NHEJ) process and preventing repair of DNA double strand breaks (DSBs) caused by ionizing radiation or chemotherapeutic treatment. This increases chemo- and radiotherapy cytotoxicity and leads to enhanced tumor cell death. The enhanced ability of tumor cells to repair DSBs plays a major role in the resistance of tumor cells to chemo- and radiotherapy; DNA-PK plays a key role in the NHEJ pathway and DSB repair. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in peach. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, [&lt;= 50% with inert inorganic solid] is a clear, colorless to slightly yellow liquid with a mild, aromatic odor. Also stored and transported as a mixture with inert solids and as a solvent slurry, to mitigate the explosion hazard. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is an organic sodium salt consisting of sodium and oxalate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a poison and a reducing agent. It is an oxalate salt and an organic sodium salt. It contains an oxalate(2-). 
it is a long-chain fatty alcohol that is heptadecane in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it is a sphingoid that is the C17 analogue of sphingosine. It is an aminodiol and a sphingoid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 2-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a C-nitro compound and a N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide. It derives from a 2-nitrophenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylisoflavones. These are isoflavones with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the isoflavone backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an acyclic guanosine analog with activity against herpes simplex virus (HSV). it is phosphorylated to its triphosphate form by HSV thymidine kinase in infected cells and acts as a specific inhibitor of the viral DNA polymerase. It is incorporated into both RNA and DNA but only inhibits DNA synthesis. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an acrylic acid. 
Polyvinylpyrrolidone is a white powder. Compatible with a wide range of hydrophilic and hydrophobic resins. (NTP, 1992) Povidone-Iodine is an iodophor solution containing a water-soluble complex of iodine and polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) with broad microbicidal activity. Free iodine, slowly liberated from the polyvinylpyrrolidone iodine (PVPI) complex in solution, kills eukaryotic or prokaryotic cells through iodination of lipids and oxidation of cytoplasmic and membrane compounds. This agent exhibits a broad range of microbicidal activity against bacteria, fungi, protozoa, and viruses. Slow release of iodine from the PVPI complex in solution minimizes iodine toxicity towards mammalian cells. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of fentanyl, a synthetic, lipophilic phenylpiperidine opioid agonist with analgesic and anesthetic properties. Fentanyl selectively binds to the mu-receptor in the central nervous system (CNS) thereby mimicking the effects of endogenous opiates. Stimulation of the mu-subtype opioid receptor stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex and subsequently inhibits adenylate cyclase. This results in a decrease in intracellular cAMP and leads to a reduction in the release of neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline. The analgesic effect of fentanyl is likely due to its metabolite morphine, which induces opening of G-protein-coupled inwardly rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels and blocks the opening of N-type voltage-gated calcium channels, thereby resulting in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability. 
it is a branched-chain fatty acid that is 3-methylpentanoic acid carrying a hydroxy substitutent at position 2. It is a branched-chain fatty acid, a short-chain fatty acid and a 2-hydroxy fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-3-methylpentanoate. 
it is a monoalkyl phosphate in which the alkyl group is specified as 6-aminohexyl. It is a monoalkyl phosphate and a primary amino compound. 
An alkaloid found in the root of Rauwolfia serpentina, among other plant sources. It is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent that apparently acts by changing the shape and threshold of cardiac action potentials. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an apricot, fruity, and gardenia taste. 
it is an acetate ester obtained by formal acetylation of the tertiary hydroxy group of 2-[(8S)-2-oxo-8,9-dihydro-2H-furo[2,3-h][1]benzopyran-8-yl]propan-2-ol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furanocoumarin and an acetate ester. 
Desmopressin Acetate is an analogue of the hormone vasopressin with antidiuretic and antihemorrhagic properties. Desmopressin acetate has selective affinity for the V2 receptor and acts on the distal kidney tubule by increasing the cellular permeability thereby stimulating water reabsorption. This antidiuretic agent is used in the treatment of central diabetes insipidus. An unrelated action of desmopressin acetate is to increases circulating factor VIII and is used in patients with haemophilia and von Willebrand's disease. 
it is an enediyne antineoplastic antibiotic hybrid containing an aminoglycoside chromophore. it is isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces carzinostaticus. The aminoglycoside component of it intercalates into DNA and the benzene diradical intermediate of the enediyne core binds to the minor groove of DNA, resulting in single- and double-strand breaks in DNA and apoptosis. (NCI04) 
it is a methoxybenzoic acid that is 2-methoxybenzoic acid which is substituted at position 3, 5, and 6 by chlorines. It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. It is a methoxybenzoic acid and a trichlorobenzene. 
it is a colorless liquid with a fishy odor. Used as an insecticide; is neither produced nor used in the U.S. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a benzothiazine that is piroxicam in which the pyridin-2-yl group is replaced by a 5-methyl-1,3-thiazol-2-yl group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and selective inhibitor of COX-2, it is used particularly for the management of rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antirheumatic drug, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and an analgesic. It is a benzothiazine, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of 1,3-thiazoles. it is an oxicam derivative and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic activities. Unlike traditional nonselective NSAIDs, it preferentially inhibits the activity of cyclo-oxygenase II (COX-II), resulting in a decreased conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandin precursors. The resulting decrease in prostaglandin synthesis is responsible for the therapeutic effects of it. 
(9R,10S)-dihydroxyoctadecanoic acid is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is octadecanoic acid in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 9R and 10S. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (9S,10R)-dihydroxyoctadecanoic acid. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside having hydroxytyrosol as the anomeric substituent. Isolated from Zantedeschia aethiopica and Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora, it exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a member of catechols. It derives from a hydroxytyrosol. 
it is a bile acid that is 5beta-cholan-24-oic acid bearing three hydroxy substituents at positions 3alpha, 7beta and 12alpha. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and an EC 1.1.1.159 (7alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It is a bile acid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid, a C24-steroid, a trihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a 7beta-hydroxy steroid. It is a conjugate acid of an it. 
it is a lactaldehyde. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of acyl-CoAs that is the S-[4-(2-carboxyphenyl)-4-oxobutanoyl] derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a 2-succinylbenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a bell, green, and pepper taste. 
it is an alkanesulfonic acid obtained by the formal substitution of one of the methyl hydrogens of propane-1,2-diol by a sulfonic acid group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alkanesulfonic acid and a member of propane-1,2-diols. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
3, 5, 7-Trihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one, also known as dihydro-kempferol or aromadendrin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavanonols. Flavanonols are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, with a structure characterized by a 2-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a hydroxyl group and a ketone at the carbon C2 and C3, respectively. 3, 5, 7-Trihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Outside of the human body, 3, 5, 7-trihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one can be found in european plum and tea. This makes 3, 5, 7-trihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a radioconjugate of synthetic active thyroid hormone, liothyronine (T3), labeled with Iodine 125. Liothyronine involves many important metabolic functions and is essential to the proper development and differentiation of all cells. I-125 liothyronine may be used in radiotherapy in thyroid cancers. 
it, also known as porrate c, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzofurans. Dibenzofurans are compounds containing a dibenzofuran moiety, which consists of two benzene rings fused to a central furan ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a purine nucleoside in which O-methylguanine is attached to arabinofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond. Inhibits DNA synthesis and causes cell death; a prodrug of 9-beta-D-arabinofuranosylguanine (ara-G). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a purine nucleoside, a beta-D-arabinoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a guanine and a 9-beta-D-arabinofuranosylguanine. it is an arabinonucleoside antimetabolite with antineoplastic activity. it is demethoxylated by adenosine deaminase to become biologically active 9-beta-D-arabinosylguanine (ara-G); ara-G incorporates into DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis and inducing an S phase-dependent apoptosis of tumor cells. (NCI04) 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-leucine, L-phenylalanine and L-aspartic acid joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine, a L-phenylalanine and a L-aspartic acid. 
TG(22:0/22:0/22:0), also known as it or ato 888, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. Thus, TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) is considered to be a triradylglycerol lipid molecule. TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) has been found in human adipose tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) can be biosynthesized from DG(22:0/22:0/0:0) and docosanoyl-CoA through its interaction with the enzyme diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase. In humans, TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) is involved in the metabolic disorder called de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) pathway. 
1', 2'-Dihydro-1, 1'-dimethyl-2'-oxo-4, 4'-bipyridinium(1+) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bipyridines and oligopyridines. These are organic compounds containing two pyridine rings linked to each other. 1', 2'-Dihydro-1, 1'-dimethyl-2'-oxo-4, 4'-bipyridinium(1+) exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1', 2'-dihydro-1, 1'-dimethyl-2'-oxo-4, 4'-bipyridinium(1+) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative, an anthracycline antibiotic and a deoxy hexoside. It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. it is a semisynthetic 4-demethoxy analogue of the antineoplastic anthracycline antibiotic daunorubicin. it intercalates into DNA and interferes with the activity of topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication, RNA transcription and protein synthesis. Due to its high lipophilicity, it penetrates cell membranes more efficiently than other anthracycline antibiotic compounds. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug and an antihypertensive agent. it is a synthetic prostamide and structural prostaglandin analogue with ocular hypotensive activity. it mimics the effects of the endogenous prostamides and reduces intraocular pressure by increasing outflow of aqueous humor through both the pressure-sensitive outflow pathway (the trabecular meshwork), and the pressure-insensitive outflow pathway (the uveoscleral routes). It is not clear whether it lowers intraocular pressure by stimulating F-Prostanoid receptors or by acting on specific prostamide receptors. 
it is a cyclic purine dinucleotide that is the 3',5'-cyclic dimer of AMP. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a cyclic purine dinucleotide and an adenyl ribonucleotide. It is a conjugate acid of a cyclic di-AMP(2-). 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is sitosterol substituted by an additional alpha-hydroxy group at position 7. It has been isolated from the roots of Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a sitosterol. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
it is a brown solid with a mild odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a monochloroaniline that is p-toluidine in which one of the hydrogens that is meta to the amino group is replaced by a chlorine. It has a role as an avicide. It is a chloroaniline and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a p-toluidine. 
it, also known as N-methylcotininium ion, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidinylpyridines. Pyrrolidinylpyridines are compounds containing a pyrrolidinylpyridine ring system, which consists of a pyrrolidine ring linked to a pyridine ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver tissue. 
it is the ethyl ester of tazarotenic acid. A prodrug for tazarotenic acid, it is used for the treatment of psoriasis, acne, and sun-damaged skin. It has a role as a keratolytic drug, a prodrug and a teratogenic agent. It is a retinoid, a thiochromane, a member of pyridines, an acetylenic compound and an ethyl ester. It derives from a tazarotenic acid. it is a synthetic, topical retinoid. it induces the expression of it-induced gene 3 (TIG3), a tumor suppressor gene. In psoriasis, it normalizes abnormal keratinocyte differentiation and reduces their hyperproliferation. (NCI04) 
it is an odorless solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is an ammonium salt consisting of ammonium and oxalate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It is an ammonium salt and an oxalate salt. It contains an oxalate(2-). 
it is an isocyanate in which a single isocyanato substituent is located at C-1 of a hexane molecule; found to be immunogenic in guinea pigs. It has a role as an immunomodulator and an allergen. 
it is a pyran-2,4-dione substituted at position 3 by an acetyl group and at position 6 by a methyl group. A fungicide and bactericide it is used primarily in processed fruit and vegetables. It has a role as a fungicide, an antibacterial agent and a plasticiser. It is a pyran-2,4-dione and a ketone. 
it is the O-phospho derivative of N-methylethanolamine. It derives from a N-methylethanolamine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-methylethanolaminium phosphate(1-). 
3,5-di-O-caffeoyl quinic acid is a carboxylic ester that is the diester obtained by the condensation of the hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 5 of (-)-quinic acid with the carboxy group of trans-caffeic acid. Isolated from Brazilian propolis and Suaeda glauca, it exhibits hepatoprotective and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, a hepatoprotective agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cyclitol carboxylic acid and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a (-)-quinic acid and a trans-caffeic acid. 
it is a first-generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with activity against aerobic gram-positive and some community-acquired gram-negative bacteria. it is used in veterinary medicine. 
5-aza-2&#39;-deoxycytidine is a fine white crystalline powder. Used as a drug. it is a cytidine antimetabolite analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it incorporates into DNA and inhibits DNA methyltransferase, resulting in hypomethylation of DNA and intra-S-phase arrest of DNA replication. (NCI04) 
it is a novel atypical antipsychotic agent which, along with SLV313, [aripiprazole] and SSR-181507 combines minimal D2 receptor agonism with 5-HT receptor agonism. 
it appears as odorless white to pinkish crystals or purplish-tan powder. Aqueous solutions acidic (pH approximately 4.1 at 0.8 mg/L water) . (NTP, 1992) it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid substituted by an amino group at the 5-position. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is an aromatic amine, an amino acid, a member of phenols, a monocarboxylic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a mesalaminate(1-). it is an agent derived from sulfasalazine, an antiinflammatory agent. it may reduce inflammation through inhibition of cyclooxygenase and prostaglandin production. Following rectal or oral administration, only a small amount of it is absorbed; the remainder, acting topically, reduces bowel inflammation, diarrhea, rectal bleeding and stomach pain. (NCI04) 
it is a white to gray crystalline solid, which is sometimes shipped as an aqueous solution. It is corrosive to tissue. It is used in ceramics and to make other chemicals. 
Malvidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside is an anthocyanin cation consisting of malvidin having a beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at the 3-hydroxy position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, an anthocyanin cation and an aromatic ether. It derives from a malvidin. It is a conjugate acid of a malvidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside betaine. 
Erythrosine, also known as E127 or aizen erythrosine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthenes. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a xanthene moiety, which consists of two benzene rings joined to each other by a pyran ring. Erythrosine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, erythrosine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide, also known as dially tetrasulfide or 4, 5, 6, 7-tetrathia-1, 9-decadiene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as allyl sulfur compounds. Allyl sulfur compounds are compounds containing an allylsulfur group, with the general structure H2C(=CH2)CS. Di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide is a strong, garlic, and onion tasting compound that can be found in garlic, onion-family vegetables, and soft-necked garlic. This makes di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Succinyl-CoA is an omega-carboxyacyl-CoA having succinoyl as the S-acyl component. It has a role as an inhibitor, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a succinyl-CoA(5-). 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is homocysteine in which the thiol group has benn oxidised to the corresponding sulfonic acid. It is an amino sulfonic acid, a carboxyalkanesulfonic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a homocysteine. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH and carboxy groups of 2-phospho-D-glyceric acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2-phospho-D-glyceric acid. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is norethisterone in which the hydroxy group has been converted to its acetate ester. It has a role as a synthetic oral contraceptive and a progestin. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound and an acetate ester. It derives from a norethisterone. it is the orally bioavailable acetate salt of norethindrone, a synthetic progestin with some anabolic, estrogenic, and androgenic activities. As do all progestins, norethindrone binds to and activates nuclear progesterone receptors (PRs) in target tissues such as the pituitary and reproductive system; ligand-receptor complexes are translocated to the nucleus where they bind to progesterone response elements (PREs) located on target genes, followed by various transcriptional events and histone acetylation. Physiological effects include the inhibition of luteinizing hormone (LH) release, an increase in the endometrial luteal-phase, and alterations in endocervical mucus secretion. 
2-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-5, 7-dihydroxy-6-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-prenylated flavanones. These are flavanones that features a C5-isoprenoid substituent at the 6-position. 2-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-5, 7-dihydroxy-6-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a dibromophenol that is phenol in which both of the hydrogens that are ortho to the phenolic hydroxy group have been replaced by bromines. It has a role as a marine metabolite. It is a bromohydrocarbon and a dibromophenol. It derives from a 1,3-dibromobenzene. 
it is a organic heterotetracyclic compound that is ellipticine in which the hydrogen at position 9 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is a monomethoxybenzene that is 2-methoxyphenol substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of guaiacols and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
it is an amino monosaccharide consisting of D-glucose having a 3-hydroxy-3-methylbutanamido group at the 4-position, a 2-O-methyl group and lacking the 6-hydroxy group. 
it is a polyether that is the bis(4-guanidinophenyl) ether of hexane-1,6-diol. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antiseptic drug. It is an aromatic ether, a member of guanidines and a polyether. It derives from a hexane-1,6-diol. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 5-phosphate in which both phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a hydrate of nickel sulfate containing nickel (in +2 oxidation state), sulfate and water moieties in the ratio 1:1:7. It contains a nickel sulfate. 
it is a penicillanic acid ester that is the 1-phthalidyl ester of ampicillin. It is a prodrug of ampicillin. It has a role as a prodrug. It derives from an ampicillin and an o-phthalaldehydic acid. 
it is a methylbenzyl alcohol that is toluene in which one of the meta hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxymethyl group. It is a primary alcohol and a methylbenzyl alcohol. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of anhydromevalonic acid. It has a role as a coenzyme and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a homoallylic alcohol and a hydroxyacyl-CoA. 
it is a long-chain unsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of sapienic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is an unsaturated fatty acid anion, a long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain fatty acid anion and a hexadecenoate. It is a conjugate base of a sapienic acid. 
Benzylpenicilloic acid is a penicilloic acid where the side-chain N-acyl group is specified as phenylacetyl. It has a role as an epitope. It is a conjugate acid of a benzylpenicilloate(1-) and a benzylpenicilloate(2-). 
it is an organoiodine compound that is 3-amino-2,4,6-triiodobenzoic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is substituted by a 6-(3-carboxy-2,4,6-triiodoanilino)-6-oxohexanoyl group. It is a water-soluble radiographic contrast media for cholecystography and intravenous cholangiography. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. It is an organoiodine compound, a member of benzoic acids and a secondary carboxamide. It is a conjugate acid of an adipiodone(2-). it is a tri-iodinated benzoate derivative and ionic dimeric contrast agent used in diagnostic imaging. When administered in vivo, it is removed from the liver and secreted into the biliary tract. Like other organic iodine compounds, this agent blocks x-rays and appears opaque on x-ray film; thereby it enhances the visibility of the bile ducts and gallbladder during cholangiography and cholecystography procedures. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is benzaldehyde substituted by an isopropyl group at position 4. It is a component of essential oils from Cumin and exhibits insecticidal activities. It has a role as an insecticide, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a cumene. 
it is a difluorocyclopropyl quinoline. Zosuquidar trihydrochloride binds with high affinity to P-glycoprotein and inhibits P-glycoprotein-mediated multidrug resistance (MDR). P-glycoprotein, encoded by the MDR-1 gene, is a member of the ATP-binding cassette superfamily of transmembrane transporters and prevents the intracellular accumulation of many natural product-derived cytotoxic agents. (NCI04) 
it is a N-arylpiperazine, a quaternary ammonium salt, a piperazinium salt and an organic iodide salt. It has a role as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02925650 (Safety, Tolerability, PK and PD of it® in Subjects With Early Alzheimer's Disease). 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine having a methoxy substituent at the 5-position and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, a renal agent and a leprostatic drug. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a long-acting sulfonamide antibacterial agent used to treat urinary tract infections and leprosy. 
Deltait, also known as δit or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, Deltait is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. Deltait is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Deltait has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, Deltait is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Deltait is an intensely, creamy, and earthy tasting compound that can be found in green vegetables. This makes Deltait a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a triple monoamine re-uptake inhibitor with a new, unique drug profile expected to yield important benefits compared to existing treatments of depression. Enhancing the function of the three neurotransmitters serotonin, noradrenalin and dopamine, it has a desired \ 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Lung Cancer, Kidney Cancer, Prostate Cancer, and Pancreatic Cancer, among others. 
(±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolidines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member saturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms (±)-it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a tetrahydropterin that is 5,6,7,8-tetrahydrobiopterin carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at the 4a-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tetrahydropterin and a hemiaminal. It derives from a 5,6,7,8-tetrahydrobiopterin. 
Stevioside, also known as eupatorin? or rebaudin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steviol glycosides. These are prenol lipids containing a carbohydrate moiety glycosidically linked to a steviol (a diterpenoid based on a 13-Hydroxykaur-16-en-18-oic acid) moiety. Stevioside exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, stevioside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is coumarin substituted by a hydroxy group ay position 7. It has a role as a fluorescent probe, a plant metabolite and a food component. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a disagreeable garlic odor. Flammable. Heavier than air. Flame easily flashes back to the source of leak. Extremely toxic by inhalation; has been used as a military poison gas. Confirmed human carcinogen. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket.  Rate of onset: Immediate to 24 hours  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 0.5 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Used in electronics industry; reacts with H20 (don't use H2O in fire). it is an arsine, a member of its and a mononuclear parent hydride. It is a conjugate base of an arsonium. It is a conjugate acid of an arsanide. 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by a methoxy group at position 6, a hydroxy group at position 4' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at position 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a methoxyisoflavone, a hydroxyisoflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a 7-hydroxyisoflavones 7-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
it is the organophosphate oxoanion of overall charge -4 formed from undecaprenyldiphospho-N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanyl-D-gamma-glutamyl-meso-2,6-diaminopimeloyl-D-alanyl-D-alanine at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an undecaprenyldiphospho-N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanyl-D-gamma-glutamyl-meso-2,6-diaminopimeloyl-D-alanyl-D-alanine. 
Reyvow is a DEA Schedule V controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule V have a low potential for abuse relative to substances listed in Schedule IV and consist primarily of preparations containing limited quantities of certain narcotics. 
it appears as clear yellow crystals or yellow crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is the organofluorine compound that is benzene with a fluoro substituent at the 1-position and two nitro substituents in the 2- and 4-positions. It has a role as an agrochemical, a protein-sequencing agent, an EC 2.7.3.2 (creatine kinase) inhibitor, an allergen, a chromatographic reagent and a spectrophotometric reagent. It is a C-nitro compound and an organofluorine compound. it is an aromatic hydrocarbon composed of a benzene ring linked to two nitro groups and one fluoride group that is used for N-terminal amino acid sequencing by the Sanger method. In vitro, dinitrofluorobenzene (DNFB) reacts with the amine group in amino acids to produce dinitrophenyl (DNP)-amino acids. Then the sample is subjected to acid hydrolysis. Under these conditions, the peptide bonds are broken but the DNP-amino acid bonds remain intact. The DNP-amino acids can be recovered and their identities can be determined through the use of various chromatography techniques. This reagent can also be used to distinguish the reduced and oxidized forms of glutathione and cysteine. 
Neuropeptides of about 40 amino acids which are structurally similar to CORTICOTROPIN-RELEASING FACTOR. Unlike CRF acting primarily through type 1 CRF RECEPTORS, urocortins signal preferentially through type 2 CRF receptors. Urocortins have wide tissue distribution from fish to mammals, and diverse functions. In mammals, urocortins can suppress food intake, delays gastric emptying, and decreases heat-induced edema. 
it is a pyrimidine that is 5-(pyrimidin-2-yl}amino-2-methylbenzenesulfonamide substituted at position 4 by a (2,3-dimethylindazol-6-yl)(methyl)amino group. Used as its hydrochloride salt for treatment of kidney cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a member of indazoles, an aminopyrimidine and a sulfonamide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a small molecule inhibitor of multiple protein tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR)-1, -2 and -3, c-kit and platelet derived growth factor receptor (PDGF-R), which may result in inhibition of angiogenesis in tumors in which these receptors are upregulated. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt having periodate as the counterion. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It contains a periodate. 
it is an amino aldehyde that is acetaldehyde in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an omega-aminoaldehyde and an amino aldehyde. It is a conjugate base of an ammonioacetaldehyde. 
3, 6-Dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthrols. Phenanthrols are compounds containing a phenanthrene (or its hydrogenated derivative) to which a hydroxyl group is attached. 3, 6-Dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3, 6-dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3, 6-dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol can be found in opium poppy. This makes 3, 6-dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Adenosine 5'-[gamma-thio]triphosphate is a nucleoside triphosphate analogue that is ATP in which one of the oxygens attached to 3-phosphate group is replaced by sulfur. It derives from an ATP and a ({[(2R,3S,4R,5R)-3,4-dihydroxy-5-(9H-purin-9-yl)oxolan-2-yl]methyl phosphonato}oxy)(phosphonatooxy)phosphinate. 
Merbromin is an organic sodium salt that is 2,7-dibromo-4-hydroxymercurifluorescein in which the carboxy group and the phenolic hydroxy group have been deprotonated and the resulting charge is neutralised by two sodium ions. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a 2,7-dibromo-4-hydroxymercurifluorescein(2-). 
it is a dihydroxypyrrolidine that consists of 5-hydroxymethylpyrrolidine-3,4-diol bearing a 4-aminophenyl substituent at position 2 (the 2S,3S,4R,5R-diastereomer). It derives from an aniline. 
it is an aralkylamino compound that is histamine bearing a methyl substituent at the alpha-position (the R-enantiomer). It has a role as a H3-receptor agonist. It is a member of imidazoles and an aralkylamino compound. 
it is an alkane that is octane in which the two methylene hydrogens at position 3 have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a member of the class of imidazopyridines that is imidazo[1,2-a]pyridine substituted at positions 2 and 3 by phenyl and nitroso groups respectively. It is a nitroso compound and an imidazopyridine. 
it is the decanoate salt form of nandrolone, an anabolic steroid analog of testosterone with androgenic, anabolic, and erythropoietin stimulating effects. Nandrolone enters the cell and binds to and activates specific nuclear androgen receptors in responsive tissue, including the prostate, seminal vesicles, scrotum, penis, larynx, hair follicles, muscle, and bone. The resulting activated hormone receptor complex translocates into the nucleus and binds to androgen response elements (ARE) in the promoter region of targeted genes, where the complex promotes gene expression necessary for maintaining male sex characteristics. Mimicking the negative feedback mechanism of testosterone, it also suppresses the secretion of luteinizing hormone (LH). Furthermore, this agent also stimulates erythropoietin production by enhancing the production of erythropoietic stimulating factors. 
Raffinose, also known as delta-raffinose or gossypose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. Raffinose exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Raffinose has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and blood. Within the cell, raffinose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Raffinose participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Raffinose and D-galactose can be biosynthesized from stachyose through its interaction with the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. In addition, Raffinose can be converted into sucrose and D-galactose; which is mediated by the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. In humans, raffinose is involved in the galactose metabolism pathway. Raffinose is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the galactosemia pathway. 
it is an L-histidine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-histidine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-histidine derivative. 
it, also known as lithocholic acid glucuronide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroid glucuronide conjugates. These are sterol lipids containing a glucuronide moiety linked to the steroid skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (pentylsulfanyl)acetic acid. It derives from an octanoyl-CoA and a 2-(pentylsulfanyl)acetic acid. 
it is an organobromine compound that is bromobenzene in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 are replaced by 4-hydroxystyryl groups. It has a role as a fluorescent dye. It is an organobromine compound and a polyphenol. 
it is a synthetic partial beta-adrenergic agonist with sympathomimetic activity. it may bind to and stimulate beta-1-adrenergic receptors located in the myocardium. As a result, it leads to a positive inotropic effect and increases in cardiac output. 
2-O-palmitoyl-2'-O-sulfo-3-O-[(2E,4S,6S,8S)-2,4,6,8-tetramethyltriacont-2-enoyl]-alpha,alpha-trehalose is a sulfoglycolipid in which alpha,alpha-trehalose, sulfated at the 2'-position, is acylated at the 2-position with palmitic acid, and at the 3-position with (2S,4S,6S,8S)-2,4,6,8-tetramethyltriacontanoic acid. It has a role as an allergen. It is a sulfoglycolipid and a polyacyl alpha,alpha-trehalose derivative. It derives from an alpha,alpha-trehalose. 
it, also known as it or farcinicine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acetylarylamines. These are acetamides where one or more amide hydrogens is substituted by an aryl group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as L-glycero-D-manno-it or perseitol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sugar alcohols. These are hydrogenated forms of carbohydrate in which the carbonyl group (aldehyde or ketone, reducing sugar) has been reduced to a primary or secondary hydroxyl group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, D-glycero-D-galacto-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, D-glycero-D-galacto-it can be found in avocado and mushrooms. This makes D-glycero-D-galacto-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1-[(1R)-1-phenylethyl]-1H-imidazole-5-carboxylic acid is ethylbenzene in which the pro-R alpha-hydrogen is substituted by the nitrogen at the 1 position of 1H-imidazole-5-carboxylic acid. Its ethyl ester, etomidate, is used as an intravenous anaesthetic. 
it, also known as butyl 3-ketobutanoate or fema 2176, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C3 carbon atom. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has a sweet, brandy, and fermented taste. 
3-sulfino-L-alanine(1-) is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-sulfino-L-alanine, arising from deprotonation of the sulfino and carboxy groups and protonation of the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-sulfino-L-alanine. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-sulfinato-L-alaninate(2-). 
it is an N,N-disubstituted benzenesulfonamide bearing an unsubstituted amino group at the 4-position, used for the treatment of HIV infection. A second-generation HIV protease inhibitor, it was designed to form robust interactions with the protease enzyme from many strains of HIV, including those from treatment-experienced patients with multiple resistance mutations to other protease inhibitors. It has a role as a HIV protease inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It is a furofuran, a carbamate ester and a sulfonamide. it is a human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) protease nonpeptidic inhibitor, with activity against HIV. Upon oral administration, it selectively targets and binds to the active site of HIV-1 protease, and inhibits the dimerization and catalytic activity of HIV-1 protease. This inhibits the proteolytic cleavage of viral Gag and Gag-Pol polyproteins in HIV-infected cells. This inhibition leads to the production of immature, non-infectious viral proteins that are unable to form mature virions, and prevents HIV replication. 
it is an olefinic compound that is hexa-2,4-diene substituted by 4-hydroxyphenyl groups at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a xenoestrogen. It is a member of phenols and an olefinic compound. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is (-)-taxifolin substituted by a alpha-L-rhamnosyl moiety at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It is an alpha-L-rhamnoside, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a monosaccharide derivative, a flavanone glycoside and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (-)-taxifolin. It is an enantiomer of an astilbin. 
it is a type-B lantibiotic containing 3-methyllanthionine and S-(2-aminovinyl)-3-methylcysteine residues and four intra-chain thioether bridges. It is obtained from Bacillus sp. HIL Y-85,54728 and is active in vivo against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a type B lantibiotic and a macrocycle. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the sodium salt form of thiopental, an ultrashort-acting barbituric acid derivative, with anesthetic activity. Thiopental binds to the chloride ionophore site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A/chloride ionophore receptor complex, thereby enhancing the inhibitory actions of GABA-A in the brain. This leads to synaptic inhibition, decreased neuronal excitability and induction of anesthesia. In addition, this agent decreases glutamate (Glu) responses. 
it, also known as 2-keto-N-caprylate or 2-oxooctanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain keto acids and derivatives. These are keto acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-keto-N-caprylic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Lung Neoplasms, Breast Neoplasms, Sickle Cell Disease, and Head and Neck Cancer, among others. 
it is a small molecule inhibitor of the tyrosine kinase WEE1 with potential antineoplastic sensitizing activity. it selectively targets and inhibits WEE1, a tyrosine kinase that phosphorylates cyclin-dependent kinase 1 (CDK1, CDC2) to inactivate the CDC2/cyclin B complex. Inhibition of WEE1 activity prevents the phosphorylation of CDC2 and impairs the G2 DNA damage checkpoint. This may lead to apoptosis upon treatment with DNA damaging chemotherapeutic agents. Unlike normal cells, most p53 deficient or mutated human cancers lack the G1 checkpoint as p53 is the key regulator of the G1 checkpoint and these cells rely on the G2 checkpoint for DNA repair to damaged cells. Annulment of the G2 checkpoint may therefore make p53 deficient tumor cells more vulnerable to antineoplastic agents and enhance their cytotoxic effect. 
Alpha-naphthylisothiocyanate appears as odorless white needles or powder. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is an isothiocyanate. It has a role as an insecticide. It derives from a hydride of a naphthalene. 
Vitamin B refers to several water soluble vitamins often found together in foods, all of which are necessary for normal growth and metabolism, but none of which are synthesized in adequate amounts by humans. The common forms of vitamin B include vitamin B1 (thiamine), B2 (riboflavin), B3 (niacin), B6 (pyridoxine) and B12 (it). Except for niacin (when given in high doses), there is no evidence that the other B vitamins, in physiologic or even super-physiologic, high doses, cause liver injury or jaundice. The major forms of vitamin B and selected other water soluble vitamins (biotin, pantothenic acid, choline) are discussed briefly in this record. Cyanocobalamin is a cobalt-containing coordination compound generated by intestinal microbes, and a natural water-soluble vitamin of the B-complex family that must combine with Intrinsic Factor for absorption by the intestine. Cyanocobalamin is necessary for hematopoiesis, neural metabolism, DNA and RNA production, and carbohydrate, fat, and protein metabolism. B12 improves iron functions in the metabolic cycle and assists folic acid in choline synthesis. B12 metabolism is interconnected with that of folic acid. Vitamin B12 deficiency causes pernicious anemia, megaloblastic anemia, and neurologic lesions. 
it is the ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
(+)-it is a phytocassane that is ent-podocarp-12-ene-11-one carrying two alpha-hydroxy substituents at positions 1 and 3 as well as vinyl and beta-methyl substituents at positions 13 and 14, respectively. It is a diol and a phytocassane. 
it is a member of the class of indoles that is 1H-indole which is substituted at position 1 by a 5-fluoropentyl group and a position 3 by an o-fluorobenzoyl group. It is a selective agonist for the CB1 cannabinoid receptor; Ki values for the CB1 and CB2 receptors are 0.08 and 1.44 nM, respectively. It has a role as a cannabinoid receptor agonist. It is a member of indoles, an aromatic ketone, an organoiodine compound, an organofluorine compound and a synthetic cannabinoid. 
Serine/Threonine Kinase Inhibitor it is a peptide with G2 checkpoint-abrogating activity. G2 checkpoint inhibitor it inhibits multiple serine/threonine kinases, including MAPKAP-K2, C-Tak1, and CHK1, that phosphorylate serine 216 of the dual-specific phosphatase Cdc25C (cell division checkpoint 25 C); disruption of Cdc25C activity results in the inhibition of Cdc25C dephosphorylation of the mitotic cyclin-dependent kinase complex Cdc2/cyclin B, preventing entry into the mitotic phase of the cell cycle. 
Imisopasem Manganese is a manganese-based non-peptidyl mimetic of the human mitochondrial manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD), with potential antioxidant and chemo/radioprotective activities. Upon administration, imisopasem manganese mimics the activity of MnSOD and scavenges reactive oxygen species (ROS), such as superoxide anion, which prevents oxygen free radical damage to macromolecules such as DNA. This reduces ROS-mediated lipid peroxidation, prevents apoptosis and protects against oxygen free radical-induced toxicity in normal tissues. 
it is a primary aliphatic amine that is propan-1,2-diamine substituted by an isopropyl group at N(1) and a methyl group at position 2. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a primary aliphatic amine and a secondary aliphatic amine. 
Orthit is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is salicylaldehyde substituted by a methoxy group at position 3. It has a role as an antimutagen and a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a salicylaldehyde. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetracarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly four carboxyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an alkanethiol that is the N-3-aminopropyl derivative of cysteamine. Used as the S-phosphorylated prodrug, amifostine, for cytoprotection in cancer chemotherapy and radiotherapy. It has a role as a radiation protective agent, an antioxidant and a drug metabolite. It is a diamine and an alkanethiol. It derives from a cysteamine. 
it is a retinoic acid in which the exocyclic double bonds have 7E,9Z,11E,13E geometry. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a retinoid X receptor agonist, a metabolite and a keratolytic drug. It is a conjugate acid of a 9-cis-retinoate. it is an orally- and topically-active naturally-occurring retinoic acid with antineoplastic, chemopreventive, teratogenic, and embryotoxic activities. it binds to and activates nuclear retinoic acid receptors (RAR) and retinoid X receptors (RXR); these activated receptors act as transcription factors, regulating gene expression that results in the inhibition of cell proliferation, induction of cell differentiation, and apoptosis of both normal cells and tumor cells. 
it is a selenomethionine consisting of L-selenomethionine having an adenosyl group attached to the selenium. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a member of adenosines, a member of selenomethionines and an organic cation. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a methanesulfonate salt obtained by reaction of eribulin with one equivalent of methanesulfonic acid. A fully synthetic macrocyclic ketone analogue of marine sponge natural products. Inhibits growth phase of microtubules via tubulin-based antimitotic mechanism, which leads to G2/M cell-cycle block, disruption of mitotic spindles, and, ultimately, apoptotic cell death after prolonged mitotic blockage. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a microtubule-destabilising agent. It contains an eribulin(1+). Eribulin Mesylate is the mesylate salt of a synthetic analogue of halichondrin B, a substance derived from a marine sponge (Lissodendoryx sp.) with antineoplastic activity. Eribulin binds to the vinca domain of tubulin and inhibits the polymerization of tubulin and the assembly of microtubules, resulting in inhibition of mitotic spindle assembly, induction of cell cycle arrest at G2/M phase, and, potentially, tumor regression. 
it is a C50 carotenoid that is a red-coloured pigment found in several Halobacterium and Haloarcula species. It has a role as a biological pigment and a bacterial metabolite. It is a C50 carotenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a tetrol. 
it is the hydrobromide salt of halofuginone, a semisynthetic quinazolinone alkaloid anticoccidial derived from the plant Dichroa febrifuga, with antifibrotic and potential antineoplastic activities. Halofuginone specifically inhibits collagen type I gene expression and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) gene expression, which may result in the suppression of angiogenesis, tumor stromal cell development, and tumor cell growth. These effects appear to be due to halofuginone-mediated inhibition of the collagen type I and MMP-2 promoters. Collagen type I and MMP-2 play important roles in fibro-proliferative diseases. 
Di-isononyl phthalate is an oily colorless liquid with a slight ester odor. Denser than water. Insoluble in water. (USCG, 1999) it is the diisononyl ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plasticiser. It is a phthalate ester and a diester. 
it appears as a detonating explosive in the form of light yellow needles. Slightly soluble in ether, alcohol, and benzene. Insoluble in water. As insensitive to shock as TNT. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may explode violently. it is the C-nitro compound that is chlorobenzene with three nitro substituents in the 2-, 4- and 6-positions. It has a role as an epitope, an explosive, a hapten and an allergen. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it appears as white amorphous lumps or a crystalline mass with a faint odor of bitter almonds. Density 1.52 g / cm3 Toxic by skin absorption through open wounds, by ingestion. Heating to decomposition produces toxic fumes. Used for gold and silver extraction, in chemical analysis, to make other chemicals, and as an insecticide. it is a cyanide salt containing equal numbers of potassium cations and cyanide anions. It has a role as an EC 1.9.3.1 (cytochrome c oxidase) inhibitor, an EC 1.15.1.1 (superoxide dismutase) inhibitor and a neurotoxin. It is a cyanide salt, a one-carbon compound and a potassium salt. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as fema 2729 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a cucumber, green, and leafy taste. 
Aluminum chlorohydrate is a group of water-soluble aluminum complexes with the general formula AlnCl(3n-m)(OH)m. It is included up to 25% in over-the-counter hygiene products as an active antiperspirant agent. The primary site of action of aluminum chlorohydrate is at the level of the stratum corneum layer, which is relatively near the skin surface. It is also used as a coagulant in the water purification process. 
it is a monohydroxyacetophenone that is acetophenone in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a primary alcohol, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a monohydroxyacetophenone. 
Perfluoro(ethylvinyl ether) appears as a colorless gas. Heavier than air. Easily liquefied. Contact with the unconfined liquid may cause frost bite by evaporative cooling. May asphyxiate by displacing air. A flame may flash back from a point of ignition to source of a leak. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the methyl ester of [2-({[1-(4-chlorophenyl)-1H-pyrazol-3-yl]oxy}methyl)phenyl]methoxycarbamic acid. A fungicide used to control major plant pathogens including Septoria tritici, Puccinia spp. and Pyrenophora teres. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of pyrazoles, a carbamate ester, an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a methoxycarbanilate strobilurin antifungal agent and a carbanilate fungicide. 
it is an amino acid amide amide in which N-butylglycine and 2-chloro-6-methylaniline have combined to form the amide bond; used as a local anaesthetic (amide caine). It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It is an amino acid amide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a phlorotannin that is [1,4]benzodioxino[2,3-a]oxanthrene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3, 6, 9 and 11. Isolated from the brown alga Ecklonia stolonifera, it exhibits radical scavenging activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a radical scavenger. It is a phlorotannin, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an oxacycle. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
it, also known as paracetamol cysteine or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-cysteine-s-conjugates. L-cysteine-S-conjugates are compounds containing L-cysteine where the thio-group is conjugated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, acetaminophen cystein is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from NAPQI and glutathione through its interaction with the enzymes glutathione S-transferase p and glutathione S-transferase theta-1. In addition, it can be converted into acetaminophen cystein; which is catalyzed by the enzyme multidrug resistance-associated protein 1. In humans, acetaminophen cystein is involved in the acetaminophen metabolism pathway. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, oblongine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, oblongine can be found in fruits. This makes oblongine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the 2'-O-phospho derivative of oleandomycin. It derives from an oleandomycin. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it appears as an anticancer drug. White to slightly yellow, amorphous or crystalline powder. Sensitive to light. Odorless. pH (0.1% solution) 3.5 - 4.5. (NTP, 1992) Vincristine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Catharanthus roseus (Vinca rosea L.) with antimitotic and antineoplastic activities. Vincristine binds irreversibly to microtubules and spindle proteins in S phase of the cell cycle and interferes with the formation of the mitotic spindle, thereby arresting tumor cells in metaphase. This agent also depolymerizes microtubules and may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca(2+)-activated ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Very toxic by ingestion, may also be toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. Vapors heavier than air. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fenugreek and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a nucleobase analogue that is uracil in which the oxo group at C-2 is replaced by a thioxo group. It has a role as an antithyroid drug and a metabolite. It is a thiocarbonyl compound and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a uracil. it is a sulfur-containing uracil. An established antithyroid drug and highly selective inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase (NOS), thiouracil also covalently binds to dopaquinone, produced by tyrosinase catalyzed oxidation of tyrosine, thereby selectively accumulating in de novo-synthesized melanin in overactive melanin-producing cells and providing a means to localize melanoma cells. (NCI04) 
it is a tetrahydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide obtained by formal stereo- and regioselective hydration across the 5,6-double bond in the nicotinyl ring of NADH, with the hydroxy group located at position 6, having (S)-configuration. It is a tetrahydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide and a hemiaminal. It derives from a NADH. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a dodecanoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of dodecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of dodecan-1-ol. It derives from a dodecan-1-ol. 
